A R K I VTitle: Hsing-I: Chinese Mind-Body BoxingAuthor: Robert W SmithPublished: 1974, 2003ISBN: 1-55643- 455-3An ARKIV scan, April 2004.Feedback: arkiv@alexandria.ccIf you use this book, please consider buying it.

Copyright © 1974,2003 by Robert W. Smith. All rights reserved. No portion ofthis book, except for brief review, may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval sys-tem, or transmitted in any form or by any means—electronic, mechanical,photocopying, recording or otherwise—without the written permission of thepublisher. For information contact North Atlantic Books.Published byNorth Atlantic BooksP.O. Box 12327Berkeley, California 94712Cover design by Jan CampPrinted in CanadaHsing-i: Chinese Mind-Body Boxing is sponsored by the Society for the Studyof Native Arts and Sciences, a nonprofit educational corporation whose goalsare to develop an educational and crosscultural perspective linking variousscientific, social, and artistic fields; to nurture a holistic view of arts, sciences,humanities, and healing; and to publish and distribute literature on the rela-tionship of mind, body, and nature.North Atlantic Books' publications are available through most book-stores. For further information, call 800-337-2665 or visit our website atwww.northatlanticbooks.com.Substantial discounts on bulk quantities are available to corporations,professional associations, and other organizations. For details and dis-count information, contact our special sales department.Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication DataSmith, Robert W., 1926-Hsing-i: Chinese Mind-Body Boxing I by Robert W. Smithp. cm.Originally published: Tokyo ; New York : Kodansha International, 1974.ISBN 1-55643-455-3 (pbk.)l.Tai chi. 2. Hand-to-hand fighting. Oriental—Psychological aspects.3. Hand-to-hand fighting, Oriental—History. I. Title: Chinese mind-bodyboxing. II.Title.GV504.S62 2003796.S15'5 —dc212003043624CIPI 5 1 A <s A 7 B Q T D A N C n« fV7 IV. rK (\A CYl

ContentsPreface 71. The Name and the History 92. Hsing-i and Internal Boxing 213. The Primary Requirements 254. The Five Basic Actions 29A. The Preliminaries 30B. The Heart of the Matter 331. Splitting 342. Crushing 363. Drilling 384. Pounding 405. Crossing 41C. Linking the Five Forms 46D. The Function of the Five Forms 51E. Functions Equated to the Five Elements . . 585. The Twelve Styles 626. Consecutive Step Yunnan Boxing 61A. The Form 67B. The Function 747. Advice from the Masters 92

Preface to the 2003 EditionIT IS WITH SOME PLEASURE that I make a few remarks on the newpublication of Hsing-i: Chinese Mind-Body Boxing, first issued in1974. Taiji, Pa Kua, and Hsing-i compromise what the Chinesecall nei-chia, the internal or soft boxing arts, as contrasted withShaolin, or hard and more forceful boxing methods. Taiji stressesrelaxed slow movements and Pa Kua the use of the open handand the circle. Hsing-i uses largely the fist on a linear path. Allborrow from the other.Over the years my book on Hsing-i had many readers andhelped to introduce the art to western readers. Its success waslargely due to such teachers as Yuan Tao, Wang Shu-chin, andHung I-hsiang who taught me during my stay in Taiwan(1959-62). Whatever skill I gained I attribute to them. I was verylucky.Now so many years later, I'm pleased to see Hsing-i reemerge.I hope it helps a new generation to find joy in this old but ever-green art.—Robert W. SmithHendersonville, N.C.20037

/. The Name and the HistoryHsing-i Ch'uan ("The Form of Mind Boxing") is also calledHsing-i Lu-ho Ch'uan ("Form of Mind Six-Combinations Box-ing") or / Ch'uan ("Mind Boxing"), all these names suggestingthe harmonious merger of thought and action. Traditionally, it wassaid to have originated with Yueh Fei, a general of the NorthernSung dynasty (960-1127). There is insufficient historical evidenceto credit this claim and even less evidence to support the legendthat Ta Mo, the monk who brought Zen from India to China,created it.We know little of Chi Lung-feng, the recorded father of Hsing-i.He was born in Shanghai in the late Ming dynasty and died in theearly Ch'ing. He boxed from his early youth and came to promi-nence in the use of the spear. Between 1637—61 while wandering inthe Chung-nan Mountains in Shensi Province, he met a Taoist whotaught him Hsing-i. (The famed T'ang poet Meng Chiao, whowrote in "Impromptu" the lines "Keep away from sharp swords.Don't go near a lovely woman . . . " also derived inspiration fromthese mountains.) Chi passed the art to Ts'ao Chi-wu, who laterbecame the commanding general of Shansi Province in the K'angHsi reign (1662— 1722) of the Ch'ing dynasty. Chi's second greatstudent was Ma Hsueh-li of Honan. The Shansi-Hopei and Honanschools descended as shown in figure 1 (overleaf).

Ts'ao Chi-wuSkansi SchoolMa Hsueh-liHonan SchoolTai Ling-pangTai Lung-pangLi Neng-janHopei School—Kuo Yun-shenLiu Ch'i-lan•Chang Shu-te—Sung Shih-jungCh'e I-chaiShansi School—Ma San-yuan—Chang Chih-ch'eng• Li Cheng—Chang Chu—Mai Chuang-t'u^—An Ta-ch'ingPao Hsien-t'ingFigure l10 THE NAME AND THE HISTORY

THE SHANSI-HOPEI SCHOOLWe know little about the brothers Tai except that they werewealthy and loved Hsing-i. Tai Lung-pang attempted to retain theessence of the art, but the earnestness of Li Neng-jan led Tai toteach him everything.Born in Sung Hsien in Hopei, Li started boxing at the relativelylate age of thirty-seven. After one false start—Tai Lung-panglooked too gentle and Li refused to regard him as a master—Lireturned and trained ten years under Tai. He worked for two anda half years and learned only p'i ("splitting") and part of lien huan(linking the forms). At a birthday party for Tai's mother, he soimpressed her that she berated her son for being so niggardly inhis teaching. After that Tai taught him the whole art and Li mas-tered it by the age of forty-seven. Thereafter, he was never de-feated: when challenged he went forward easily, put his hand out,and achieved his purpose.Once a boxing colleague who regarded himself as on a par withLi attempted to grab him and pick him up. Li immediately ascendedand his head penetrated the bamboo ceiling. When he came down,his feet were stable and his face bore the same expression as before.The other thought it was witchcraft, but Li told him that, althoughit looked mysterious, it was simply the peak of the art. From suchexperiences he gained a reputation as the "man of boxing mys-tery." He was over eighty when he died, sitting in a chair andsmiling. Among his many students were Kuo Yun-shen, Liu Ch'i-lan, Pai Hsi-yuan, Li T'ai-ho, Ch'e I-chai, Chang Shu-te, and SungShih-jung.Kuo Yun-shen also was born in Sung Hsien in Hopei. Althoughhe boxed from childhood, he learned little until he met Li Neng-jan.He saw Li's skill—so simple in form, so deep in skill—loved it, andlearned from him for decades. Once when Li slapped him, he skill-fully absorbed it, landing twenty feet away unscathed. Besidesboxing, Kuo mastered the sword, broadsword, and spear. He alsoTHE SHANSI-HOPEI SCHOOL 11

mastered some of Li's esoteric boxing. In the Tiger style, he couldjump ten feet as adroitly as a bird, as stable as a mountain. Oncefive burly boxers put staffs against his stomach, and he, exhaling,knocked them all down. Kuo's peng ("crushing") was so powerful,he came to be called "Divine Crushing Hand." Once in a bout inHopei he reportedly killed his opponent and as a result was im-prisoned for three years. Although restricted by fetters, he con-tinued to practice while in prison. After he was released he tookcare to place the back of his left hand on his antagonist's bodybefore using his famous right. His left helped absorb the energy ofhis right and spared his opponent serious injury. Sun Lu-t'ang doesnot mention this story in his lengthy treatment of Kuo; this leadsme to regard it as possibly apocryphal. Kuo wrote an illustratedtext on Hsing-i and entrusted it to Sun Lu-t'ang, but unfortunatelyit was stolen. When Kuo died at seventy, many of his secrets werestill in him. (See page 92 for a sampling of Kuo's teaching. Morebiographic data on Kuo and other Hsing-i masters can be found inDraeger, Donn F. and Smith, Robert W. Asian Fighting Arts[Tokyo: Kodansha International Ltd., 1969].)Sung Shih-jung was born in Wan-p'ing Hsien in Hopei. He alsostudied Hsing-i from the great Li Neng-jan. He ran a watch shopat Tai-ku in Shansi, was an avid chess player and fan of Chineseopera, and attained a high level in Hsing-i. When he turned left inthe Snake style, his right hand could catch his right heel, and turn-ing right, his left hand could catch his left heel. His turns and strikesresembled nothing so much as a snake. In the Swallow style, hewould crouch close to the ground, go under a low bench, and thrustout ten feet; he also was expert in Wildcat Climbs Tree, in whichhe was able to jump up a wall and stick there clear of the groundfor up to two minutes. Sun Lu-t'ang vouches for this and says thatonce in northeast China Sung was rushed by a challenger. Sungmerely flapped him with his hand, and the man shot like an arrowtwenty feet away. Sung was still teaching at Tai-ku, adroit as a boy,well past his eightieth birthday. (See page 91 for Sung's advice.)12 THE NAME AND THE HISTORY

Ch'e I-chai, another of Li Neng-jan's disciples, came from T'ai-ku, Shansi, and early in life was a carriage driver. Although not aspopular as Kuo Yun-shen, he reportedly beat Kuo in a challengematch. At the apex of his art, a local Samson caught him while hewas washing his face in the Horse posture and kicked him frombehind. Ch'e straightened up, and the attacker was thrown ten feetaway and could not get up. Ch'e's best student was Li Ch'ang-yu.Ch'e continued boxing until his death when he was past eighty.(See page 100 for Ch'e's advice.)THE HONAN SCHOOLMa Hsueh-li, one of Chi Lung-feng's two best students (theother was Ts'ao Chi-wu), came from Honan and began the Hsing-itradition in that province. Because he believed he could not learnChi's secrets as a regular student, he disguised himself as a house-boy and for three years secretly watched Chi do his solo practice.When he came to say goodbye, Ma's conscience bothered him andlie told Chi the truth. Instead of becoming angry, Chi admired hiswill and kept him on longer, teaching him more of his art. After hereturned to Honan, Ma had many students who respected his skilland his openness in imparting that skill. Ma's two best studentswere Ma San-yuan and Chang Chih-ch'eng. Unlike many othergreat Hsing-i masters, Ma died relatively early.Ma San-yuan, a native of Nan-yang, Honan, loved to fight. PaoHsien-t'ing writes that he killed forty or fifty men in challengematches. Such a way of living eventually drove him to a nervousbreakdown, and, one day, thinking that an approaching man was achallenger, he leaped aside, hit his head on an iron table, and died.It may be significant that we know nothing of Ma's students.Chang Chih-ch'eng was quite different from Ma San-yuan. Selec-tive in his choice of students, he liked the few he had and theyreciprocated. Li Cheng, his nephew, was his best student.Li was from Lu-shan Hsien, Honan, and his uncle was fond ofhim. First he learned the "obvious" style until he could break aTHE HONAN SCHOOL 13

tombstone with his hands but later evolved to concealed energy(see page 92). As a guard on a horse convoy, he would moveaway from the wagons in Chicken style, then rapidly catch up, thusworking twice as hard as the horses.In Hopei Province there lived at that time a rich man surnamedShui who had hired several excellent boxers to teach Hsing-i to hisfour sons. Shui traveled 350 miles to Honan to ask Li to returnwith him and teach his sons. Li went. He looked so gentle, how-ever, that one of the older boxers deprecated him to Shui and sug-gested that the oldest son, under the pretense of offering tea, shouldattack him. Shui agreed, but when the son offered the tea andattacked, Li merely used a spirit-shout (the Japanese kiai) thatknocked the son out—without spilling his tea or interrupting hisconversation with another man. When asked about it, the sonreplied: "I heard thunder, his hands had eyes, I fell unconscious."Predictably, Li resented this action by Shui and returned to Honanto teach. His best student there was Chang Chu.Chang Chu, also from Lu-shan, taught the classics and was anon-boxing friend of Li's for ten years. Finally, Li invited him tolearn Hsing-i and Chang accepted. Li told him that he would teachhim only the best part of the art and then Chang could study alone,but that he should not pass it on to more than a couple of students.Chang learned the art well and passed it on to his son Chang Ke-erh and his nephew Mai Chuang-t'u. Chang Ke-erh by the age offifteen had killed several men in Honan. In 1940 the martial artshall he founded still existed. After Chang Ke-erh died at twenty, hisfather turned to teaching Mai, who was then his sole disciple.Mai Chuang-t'u lived in Chang Chu's house, and everywhere hewent he walked in Chicken style, causing people to laugh. Oncewhen he was ambushed, he knocked the attacker more than tenfeet. Even at the apex of his boxing career, when he was called"Boxing Teacher Mai" by many students, he maintained a fur andleather business. One of his best students was An Ta-ch'ing.From Ch'ang-an Hsien in Shensi, An was at first only a friend14 THE NAME AND THE HISTORY

of Mai, then became his student. In turn An taught Mai about theMuslim faith to which he belonged. Later, An learned from manyother schools and traveled widely, carrying the art into places likeSzechwan and Hupei provinces, where few knew of it. Through hisexertions, it came to be the nei-chia (internal art) in those places.An said that although Hsing-i looked simple, it was difficult tolearn, and few learned it because they were afraid of failing. One ofhis best students was Pao Hsien-t'ing.Pao Hsien-t'ing also was from Ch'ang-an Hsien and a Muslim.Very intelligent, he left the study of the classics early for the mar-tial arts. In a few years, he had mastered fifty military arts, such ashorse riding, archery, and swordsmanship. But he gave weaponsup for boxing. Here too he was successful, and after ten years andten teachers could defeat most of the Hsing-i teachers around. Hethen approached hot-tempered, aloof An Ta-ch'ing and was ac-cepted as a student. An soon sensed his sincerity, and within twoyears Pao was regarded as the "thumb" (number one) student.(See page 110 for Pao's advice.)Because of the pressure of foreigners at the time of the BoxerRebellion (1900), the Ch'ing dynasty prohibited boxing. Pao,leaving An's circle and returning to his own village, gave up allthe martial arts except the nei-chia, especially Hsing-i. He joinedthe army, was promoted, and would have gone higher had it notbeen for his individualistic temperament. In 1917 he took troopsto northern Szechwan Province to repel the Communists. He con-tinued teaching and in 1921 founded the Chi Chien Wu-shu She(Chi Chien Martial Arts Society), which had more than five hun-dred political and military members. At dawn Pao would readMuslim classics; as the sun rose he began teaching and, with hisassociates, taught until 9 P.M. He had no hobbies and neithersmoked nor drank spirits. During this period he created a north-south type of synthetic boxing. He was seen in 1942, rosy-cheeked,straight, and full of energy, though eighty. One of his best studentswas Li Han-chang.THE HONAN SCHOOL 15

After Kuo Yun-shen, Hsing-i split into three branches in Hopei:(1) the conservative style taught by Li Ts'un-i, which used thetraditional postures (Li's most famous disciples were Shang Yun-hsiang and Li Yen); (2) the natural style taught by Wang Hsiang-chai, which stressed the importance of i ("will") and held posturessecondary; and (3) the synthetic style of Sun Lu-t'ang. Other greatHsing-i boxers were Chang Chao-tung, Li Ch'ang-yu, Keng Chi-shan, Sung T'ieh-lin, Teng Yun-feng, Keng Hsia-kuang, and WeiFang-shih. Hsing-i proved its worth in the national boxing tourna-ments: 1928 in Nanking, 1929 in Shanghai and Hang-chou, and1933 in Nanking. Its exponents led the winners in each tournament.The name of Hsing-i was changed by Wang Hsiang-chai at onepoint to I Ch'uan ("Mind Boxing"), the change allied to Sun Lu-t'ang's sentiment, "Boxing, no-boxing; mind, no-mind." Laterstill, he called it Ta Ch'eng Ch'uan ("Great Achievement Box-ing"). Wang Shu-chin, who is now in Taiwan, studied from 1929-38 under Chang Chao-tung, and when he died Wang trained underWang Hsiang-chai at Tientsin. Wang told me that Wang Hsiang-chai had changed the name to Ta Ch'eng out of grief after ChangChao-tung's death.Sun Lu-t'ang was a giant in the art (figure 2). His daughter, SunChien-yuan, writes the following about him. Born poor in Pao-ting16 THE NAME AND THE HISTORY

in 1859, his father died when he was nine. The young boy at-tempted to make a living by making brushes, but life was so harshhe tried to hang himself when he was thirteen. Happily for boxing,he was cut down by a passerby. After fifteen he studied Hsing-ifrom Li Kuei-yuan. When he was nineteen Sun walked to Pekingand started Hsing-i training under Li's teacher, Kuo Yun-shen,and learned Pa-kua from Ch'eng T'ing-hua, becoming so proficientthat after a year Ch'eng said he was his best student.During this period Sun learned from Kuo half of each day andthen went to another section of Peking to learn from Ch'eng theother half day. Kuo's training was spartan: often he would ride ona horse, forcing Sun to hold onto its tail, for distances up to tenmiles. This instruction continued for several years. Gradually Sunbecame famous and was challenged many times. It was said of himthat though he never lost a match, neither did he ever hurt anyone—so great was his skill. (When he was fifty, Sun began learningT'ai-chi from the famous Hao Wei-chen and was thus able to claimmastery in all three of the internal arts.)Later, Sun returned to Pao-ting and became a merchant. Thecity was famed for the quality of its wrestlers. Predictably, soonafter his return two wrestlers jumped him in a public teahouse,attacking simultaneously, one with two fists against his head, theother with a scooping foot. Calmly Sun defeated the head attack,raised his foot to avoid the scoop, and then used the sole of his footagainst the kicker. The deflection and stamp drove both wrestlersten feet backward, knocking them to the floor. The kicker couldnot get up. Sun quietly asked, "Why this mischief?" The otherwrestlers crowded up asking his pardon and he smiled with, "Weare all friends." The onlookers noticed that the sole of Sun's shoehad come off because of his ch'i* After teaching in Pao-ting for* The scholar W. T. Chan defines ch'i as "the psychophysiological powerassociated with blood and health." A simpler rendering is "intrinsicenergy."THE HONAN SCHOOL 17

three years, Sun went to Ting Hsing Hsien where he soon estab-lished himself as the leading boxer. One of his students there, theson of a general, liked horsemanship. Once Sun told him that mereriding revealed no true technique. Later the student rode past himand Sun mounted behind him, the student unaware that he wasthere.Once, in Szechwan Sun was descending a mountain clinging to achain that bordered the more dangerous stretches along the stonepath. His ch'i flowing, Sun had gone about a mile when he wasaccosted from the rear by a man. Sun neutralized the man's rushand attempted to catch him. However, the white-bearded man inTaoist clothes easily eluded him. When the man finally stopped,Sun approached, bowed, and asked his name. The Taoist told himthat he was a master and that, seeing Sun's skill at descending, hewanted to talk with him. The Taoist then invited Sun to stay withhim, but Sun regretfully declined, saying his aged mother neededhim at home. Sighing, "That is your destiny," the Taoist forthwithtaught him to cultivate the ch'i and told him to give up meat.Three hours later Sun reached the inn at the foot of the mountainwhere he stayed. There, a servant boy hit a guest over the headwith an earthen pot containing hot wine, breaking the pot andscalding the man. While trying to escape, he was touched by Sunwith one finger in the ribcage and fell. Sun quieted the onlookers,prescribed medicine, and said that in seven days the man wouldrecover. The guests thought the boy was dead, but Sun kicked himgently and massaged the base of his skull; the boy stood up thenbut his head hung listlessly. Sun told him that when the guestwhom he had hit recovered he would cure the boy's head. Theguest did recover and Sun righted the boy's head.Another time a woman from a nearby village came to complainto him about her husband, who beat her. Sun, a martial, not marital,expert desisted. But she implored him and finally he went. Herhusband told Sun to mind his own business. In the ensuing quarrela bell was rung, which brought men with weapons from the seven-18 THE NAME AND THE HISTORY

teen surrounding villages. Sun used a long stick to keep them atbay, and those who ventured too close he felled with tien hsueh (theart of attacking vital points). More than thirty men fell injured.When the magistrate's guards came to arrest him, he jumped on ahorse and sped away. When the injured were found unable to riseor speak, the magistrate came to Sun and, after hearing his story,scolded the husband, and Sun returned and cured his attackers.Sun also was expert in archery. From a distance of a hundredpaces he could shoot a coin off of an egg held by a student.In the summer of 1927 some of his students asked him to cometo Tientsin to teach them a few days each month. There, a proudsenior student named Li asked to be shown something. Sun lightlystruck at Li's head and he deflected, hardly feeling it. Sun said,"That's enough to show you." The next day Li was pale and couldbarely stand. He came to Sun, who prescribed medicine for the pur-ple lump on his arm, cautioning him to take it immediately fordelay would be fatal. Li recovered, no longer proud, and now fullycognizant of the old master's prowess.Sun walked as though he were flying. One evening after supper,when he was past seventy and chairman of the Kiangsu BoxingAssociation, he invited his students to try their kung fu (skill,ability): they should try to keep up with him as he descended amountain. None could get within ten feet of him and most he leftfar behind. Then he told them that they needed more practice.He studied literature and philosophy in his spare time. By thetime of his death at seventy-four in 1933, he had gathered all hisknowledge in five books: Hsing-i Ch'uan Hsueh, Pa-kua Ch'uanHsueh, T'ai-chi Ch'uan Hsueh, Pa-kua Chien Hsueh (sword), andCh'uan-i Shu Cheng (The Real Explanation of Boxing). The firstthree and the last he completed, but the book on Pa-kua sword hedid not. A diary he kept from youth was stolen. (See page 111 forSun's advice.)When the Communists came to power in 1949, Hsing-i masterssuch as Ch'en P'an-ling, Wang Shu-chin, Chang Shih-jung, YuanTHE HONAN SCHOOL 19

Tao, Chang Chun-feng, and Kuo Feng-ch'ih fled with the Nation-alist government to Taiwan. Among the leading Taiwanese mas-ters of the art developed by them was Hung I-hsiang. For threeyears (1959—62) I learned Hsing-i from all of these teachers exceptthe two Changs, most of the instruction coming from Yuan Taoand Kuo Feng-ch'ih.My principal instructor was Yuan Tao, a retired guerrilla gen-eral, who spent much of World War II behind Japanese lines. Hehad learned Hsing-i in Shanghai from the famed Wei Fang-shih.Yuan won the Fukien Province boxing championship in 1934. Oneof his boxing associates, Chin Yun-t'ing, wrote a book on the art,which says in part: "Mencius said, 'Keep your will and controlyour temper,' which proves the inseparable relation between thewill and the ch'i. The will commands and the ch'i responds. Butwithout ch'i, the will of the will is not performed. Thus, Menciuswas also able to say: 'I know how to cultivate my great ch'i.' Asa child I was an invalid and could do little. Some friends told methat Hsing-i was excellent for cultivating ch'i and eradicating ill-ness. Thus I went to the great Sun Lu-t'ang and practiced underhim for twelve years. Gradually Hsing-i freed me of disease andI grew robust. This boxing art is characterized by a simple andgraceful style. It is easy for novices to learn and is not injuriousto beginners. If practiced correctly, the exercise in a short timeshould strengthen the sinews and promote blood circulation. Fi-nally, it is a kind of practice good for everyone regardless of age."20 THE NAME AND THE HISTORY

2. Hsing-i and Internal BoxingHsing-i is one of the three ancient Chinese internal boxing arts,the other two being T'ai-chi and Pa-kua. Internal boxing is es-sentially moving meditation. Boxing is something of a misnomer,because by learning the skill there is no need to use it. Ultimatelyit becomes part of your bones; it is there if required, but it neednever be used. In our utilitarian society this seems a silly motiva-tion—to learn something so that you never have to use it. Theinternal masks the boxing skill; an internal boxer looks like any-thing but a boxer.Indeed, none of the internal boxing arts has sparring. They areessentially methods of boxing by oneself, of changing sperm intoch'i, ch'i into spirit, and spirit into emptiness. The boxing is atonce the tool and the product of this creative process. And becauseit lies so close to creation, it cannot lead to destruction. Trueenough, the old masters met challenges. But more often than notthey were able to send the challenger away happy—happy becauselie had been soundly defeated, educated but not hurt.This reveals another reason why Hsing-i has no sparring: whilethe master boxer can meet and defeat a challenger without injur-ing him, the aspiring boxer cannot. The nature of Hsing-i blowsis such that, done correctly, they are dangerous. If the punchesare pulled, or muted in some way, they are no longer Hsing-i.Thus the karate no-contact bout cannot help the Hsing-i boxer21

sharpen his technical skills. Hsing-i is similar in this respect to theancient jutsu forms of Japanese combatives, which have remainedthe same because of their intrinsically dangerous natures. If regu-lated and restricted and made sportive, these arts lose their essence.If the motivation in learning the art is primarily to gain skillas a boxer, then motivation will impede learning. To learn comba-tives because of their self-defense value is a confession of weak-ness, of being unable to resolve interpersonal problems rationally.But if the internal is viewed, as it should be, as a form of medita-tion that in time bequeathes boxing skill and other useful values,then progress will be more rapid. For the internal emphasizesmeditation and exercise, out of which the combat techniqueemerges, but the combative is always under the control of themeditative.The internal requires quiet, stillness. But this stillness is notsimply the absence of sound. It is a total presence, an attentive-ness, which must be a part of the discipline if excellence is toemerge. I believe that the silences a man must live with in train-ing in the internal themselves produce part of the skill that ulti-mately comes. When the silence releases its new energy a quietmind is produced, and when this happens the whole being becomestruly active.The internal is dynamic training of mind-body. An old Taoistsaying goes: "In standing, like a pine tree; in moving, like thewind; in sleeping, like a dead man." To which I would add, "Inthinking, like a placid, slow-moving stream." Theoretically, manyAsian martial arts promise this mind-body synthesis. Few achieveit.A system based solely on body mechanics remains forever atthe level of calisthenics and rudimentary fighting. Functionally,such a system is limited by the fact that in the animal world manis something of a weak creature. Except by recourse to his brain,he cannot stand physically with most of the other animals.But the brain itself needs to be checked and trained. The trouble22 HSING-I AND INTERNAL BOXING

with urban cultures throughout the world is that man's brain isout of control. The internal imposes the restraint that, paradoxi-cally, leads to freedom. The mind is king—remember this—andmust be accorded priority over the body. Louie Armstrong oncecroaked, "I never let my mouth say what my heart can't stand,"which is simply another way of stating it.By its very nature, the internal is cooperative. It breaks downwhen it becomes overly competitive. Springing from Taoism andBuddhism, it stresses being and becoming rather than thinking anddoing. Learning is aided if one remembers that there is no op-ponent—only ourselves.However, the internal is not a gift: it must be worked for, anddiscipline is necessary (an old text runs, "An inch of meditation,an inch of Buddha"). But even this is largely cooperative. Toooften what passes for discipline becomes sadistic (on the part of theteacher) or masochistic (on the part of the student). Many martialarts taught today, in Asia as well as the West, tend toward thesociopathic on this score. What is wanted is a good balance. TheIndiana poet, Max Erhmann, put it well: "Besides a wholesomediscipline, be gentle to yourself."In a relativistic world, one of the few absolutes is that it is moredifficult to train external boxers in the internal than it is those whoknow no boxing at all. Previous boxing or highly competitive orstrength-oriented sports are impediments. Competitiveness mustbe discarded if one is to enter into—much less make progress in—the halls of the internal. Although the internal is harder work andtakes longer than the external, it has no limits. One has but towatch old judoka or karateka and to contrast them with an internalmaster to see the truth of this.Because I have taught the external, I know the difficulties ofthe transition. And I can tell the reader in advance his reaction tothe internal. He will be vexed at the lack of tangible indices ofprogress, which are easily recognizable in the external. He willwant to go faster. (Talleyrand once said to his coachman, "SlowHSING-I AND INTERNAL BOXING 23

up, slow up—I'm in a hurry.") Most of these reactions will becompetitive, hence detrimental to the mind-body synthesis we aretrying for.The teacher-student relationship pivotal in Asian martial artsrests on competitive, and thus frail, foundations. That is why Ifavor the name guide, rather than teacher. But because I knowsomething of the internal and the reader does not, he must acceptwhat I write initially, for skepticism lies close to paralysis. Laterhe will not progress unless he himself can add to what is givenhim.Deep humility will help one learn. The greatest Hsing-i boxerto ever come to the United States was a woman who taught Chi-nese at a large Midwestern university. A few years ago, she toldme, that as an experiment she started a Hsing-i class on campus(for which she charged no fee). Only five persons enrolled. Withina month, one person remained. She, who on the mainland had satat the knee of Teng Yun-feng, one of the greatest boxers Chinahas produced, told me that never again would she teach the art—such students did not deserve it.Therefore, in the face of real knowledge, be receptive. The in-tellect may hold facts but hardly truths, and the internal givesintellection short shrift. Once a Zen master gave a student theproblem: "What was Buddha before he came to this world?" Aweek later the student brought in his solution; he presented themaster with a frog. But the master rejected the answer, saying itwas "too intellectual." In sum: relax, work, cooperate.24 HSING-I AND INTERNAL BOXING

3. The Primary RequirementsTo learn Hsing-i one must master these fundamentals:A. Five PosturesOne leg firmly supports; oneleg is held off the ground.The body is segmented inthree: heels to knees, knees tohips, and hips to head.The shoulders are sprung for-ward from the spine like a bow.The fingers clutch tightly.The arms are folded threaten-ingly, like a tiger leaving itsden.1. Chicken Leg2. Dragon Body3. Bear Shoulders4.5.Eagle ClawsTiger EmbraceB. Nine Words1. Three Pressings2. Three Strengthenings3. Three RoundingsHead presses upward, tonguepresses forward, and palmspress to front.Strengthen the two shoulders,hands and feet, and teeth.Back round, breast round, andthe space between thumb andindex finger (hu k'ou, "tigermouth") round.25

4. Three Sensitives5. Three Holdings6.7.8.Three SinkingsThree CurvingsThree Straightenings9. Three EmbracesEyes sensitive, heart sensitive,and hands sensitive.Hold the lower body, hold theupper breath, and hold the twoshoulders.Ch'i sinks, shoulders sink, andelbows sink.Knees curve, shoulders curve,and elbows curve.Neck straightens, spine straight-ens, and joints straighten.Two arms embrace chest, ch'iembraces navel, and courageembraces body.C. Six Coordinations1. Internala. Heart — Mindb. Mind — Ch'ic. Ch'i — Strength2. Externala. Shoulder — Thighb. Elbow —• Kneec. Hand — FootD. Three points on one line: the tip of the nose, the finger-tips, and the toe tips are on one imaginary line.E. The body lowers with the ch'i rising and rises with thech'i falling.F. The hands rise like steel spades and fall like iron hooks.G. Eight attitudes Rising and falling, to and fro,right and left, acting and ob-servingH. Foot Movements1. Action Flying, firm, dropping, andtreading26 THE PRIMARY REQUIREMENTS

2. StepsHand Actionsl. Single Hand2. Two HandsInch step, big step, pushingstep, quick step, and flying stepThrusting like a hawk raidinga forest and falling like a swal-low sweeping over the water'ssurfaceRising like two hands raising atripod and falling like twohands breaking bricksJ. SummationIn essence, body components must conform to the following:The waist — sinksThe shoulders — shrinkThe chest — withdrawsThe head — pushes upThe tongue — touches the roof of the mouthThe hand — feels as if pushing upwardThe sacrum — circles inward and upwardThe fundamental tactic—and one the masters practice by thehour—is the same as in Pa-kua: rise, drill, fall, overturn. Twist1-5THE PRIMARY REQUIREMENTS 27

as you rise and overturn as you fall. Twist while your head pushesup and overturn as your head contracts. Twist while your handsstretch out and overturn while they lower. Twist as your foot goesforward and overturn as it drops in place. Your waist rises as youtwist and falls as you overturn. Rise equals go, fall equals strike.Together they mean to strike like a rolling wave. Each part mustbe clearly differentiated; all must be done like lightning. This isfacilitated by keeping the body relaxed until the final instant. Acardinal principle of Hsing-i is that all movements must be donelightly and briskly without the heavy muscular contraction ofkarate.28 THE PRIMARY REQUIREMENTS

4. The Five Basic ActionsHsing-i's five basic forms are built on the wu-hsing, or fiveprimary elements: metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. Each ele-ment is capable of generating another element as follows: metalgenerates water, water generates wood, wood generates fire, firegenerates earth, and earth generates metal. The five basic formsoriginally followed this sequence, each form symbolizing an ele-ment, which generated another. However, both Sun and Yuanplaced wood ahead of water, and this is the sequence I learned andpresent here.The five forms are as natural as a baby's movements. But be-cause they are natural, after long practice they become dangerous.They are correlated with the five elements, physiology, and thech'i as follows:1.2.NameSplitting{p'i-ch'uan)Crushing{peng-ch'uan)ElementMetalWoodOrganLungLiverAction of Ch'iRises and falls as ifchopping with an axeExpands and contractssimultaneously1229

3 3. Drilling Water Kidney(tsuan-ch'uan)4 4. Pounding Fire Heart(p'ao-ch'uan)5 5. Crossing Earth Spleen(heng-ch'uan)Flows in curving eddiesor shoots like lightningFires suddenly like aprojectile from a gunStrikes forward withrounded energyA. The PreliminariesStarting, stand erect and relax your entire body. Your mind isat ease and your hands, palms inward, hang at your thighs. Suncalled this prestarting posture the illimitable (wu chi).Next, turn halfway to the right and move your left foot a bitforward and attach the heel to your right instep at 45°. Hold your30 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

tongue against the roof of the mouth and raise your sacrum.Following this, in a posture which Sun related to the GrandTerminus [T'ai-chi), relax and slump your shoulders. Circle yourtwo arms above your head until the fingers form a pyramid; thenlower them as you lower your body until the hands are in front ofyour heart, fingers extended forward. Your elbows are near yourribs. Simultaneously, push your head upward, straighten your neck,sink your waist, curve your thighs inward, and twist your heelsoutward so that the knees are pressed together. Quiet your mindand sink your ch'i to your navel.Done properly, you thus achieve the three internal coordina-tions. Your body should resemble: (l) a chicken's leg, (2) adragon's body, (3) a bear's shoulders, and (4) a tiger embracingits head. Sun termed this the "one ch'i embracing the four sec-ondary figures [szu hsiang]." The I Ching says: "The four sec-ondary figures are closely related to the two powers [liang-i],the yang and yin, which in turn are closely related to the one ch'i.The emptiness [shih-wu] creates the one ch'i, which lays thefoundation for the two powers." The chicken's leg symbolizesindependence; the dragon's body, a three-part folded posture; thebear's shoulders, the straight energy of the neck; and tiger em-bracing its head, a tiger springing from its den with its two pawsembracing its head.The philosophy and exercise proceed together. Hsing-i as relat-ed to the two powers is the principle of movement and stillness,rise and fall, expansion and contraction, and going back and forthin boxing. When expanding it is yang; when contracting it is yin.Clench your fists and screw your right fist, palm up, directlyahead. As you step forward with your left foot, gradually pushyour left hand forward and pull your right hand back as if tearingsilk. Your left hand and foot should rise and fall at the same timeand your right foot should not move. Your left foot holds 45 per-cent, your right foot, 55 percent of your weight. The fingers ofboth hands are open: the thumb of your left hand must be flatTHE PRELIMINARIES 31789

horizontally and the index finger stretched forward. You are nowin san-t'i (three essentials). Your left hand is on a line with yourmouth, the forearm kept level, and your right hand is near yournavel. Both arms are bent "seeking straightness." The thumb andindex fingers of both hands should be semicircular, your eyeslooking at the "tiger mouth" of your left hand (hu k'ou: that areaof the hand from the base of the thumb to the tip of the indexfinger).Relax your shoulders and curve your thighs inward; the shoul-ders will then coordinate with the thighs. Your elbows should bebent and your knees curved inward, thus coordinating the elbowsand knees. Your heels twist outward, coordinating them with thehands. This is termed the three external coordinations. The shoul-ders press the elbows, which press the hands; the waist presses thethighs, which press the knees, which press the feet. Your bodyshould be straight, your mind at ease. There is yin in the yang andyang in the yin: they are in harmony. In this state the three in-ternal and three external coordinations are complete.Thus, from the harmony of yang and yin the three essentials(san t'i) are created. The essentials symbolize heaven, earth, andman; in boxing they are the head, hands, and feet. Each is dividedinto three sections:31 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

HeadheadbackwaistFeetfeetkneesthighsAn ancient classic says: "When yang and yin united, the threeessentials were created, which in turn produced all creatures. Thusthe one ch'i that came from the emptiness and created yang andyin is the foundation of heaven and earth." Sun called it the pill ofimmortality and the internal energy of Hsing-i boxing.B. The Heart of the MatterThe five basic forms are the core of Hsing-i. Unlike T'ai-chi,the movements in Hsing-i are normally done at regular speed. Asa meditational breathing practice, however, the postures can beheld at various points for varying times. The method given belowis that of Yuan Tao; its differences from that of the orthodoxschool (which Yuan learned first and then modified) are delineatedand the full set of the orthodox is then provided by Master WangShu-chin. In striking, the weight, which in san-t'i has been held45-55 percent front to rear, is reversed, the front leg receivingthe greater weight. All Hsing-i strikes occur directly on a linewith the nose and most are centered on the opponent. Power,speed, and focus are thus enhanced. Your nose is your guide: byfronting yourself to your opponent, it is difficult to miss him.Moreover, a strike at his middle meets his arms at their ends —the hands—their most vulnerable points. Finally, before jumpingin, because the English terms are somewhat ambiguous, the readeris asked to memorize the Chinese names of the five forms.THE HEART OF THE MATTER S3Handshandselbowsshoulders

1. SPLITTING (P'I-CH'UAN)P'i belongs to metal of the Five Elements and lets the ch'i riseand fall as though one were chopping something with an axe.You are in san-t'i. With your left hand and leg forward, loweryour left hand to your navel, twist it upward to your mouth, andthen continue twisting forward and gradually clenching it, until,palm up, it is on a line with your left foot not higher than youreyes or lower than your mouth. Simultaneously, take your left foota short step forward in accordance with your height, put it downtoed out at 45°; curve your thighs inward, and place your right10 hand palm down near your left elbow. (Sun's style keeps the rightfist near the right lower ribs; other schools place the right fist,palm upward, near the left elbow.) Now over the loaded, toedout left foot take your right foot a full step forward and strikewith your right palm, the middle finger of your right hand passingover the index finger of your left hand, which is retracted to your11 left side, palm downward. At the same time, your left foot follow-steps to where it is at shoulder-width from your right. This halfstep foliow-step is essential; in fact, Hsing-i is also called ThreeLegged Boxing for this reason.Advance your right foot farther forward and toe it out whileyour right hand is pulled back, clenched into a fist, and stretched34 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

from under your chin forward over your right foot. Simultane-ously, raise your left palm to a point near your right elbow. Then 12take a full step forward with your left foot, the left palm strikingforward, the right hand pulling back to your right side, and yourright foot follow-stepping. 13Following this, again stretch your left foot forward and toe outyour left foot and repeat the movement as before, taking yourright foot and hand forward, and your left foot in a follow-step. 14With your right hand and foot forward you are ready to turn.Shift your weight to your left leg, then pivot your right foot left-ward on its heel and put it down about 60° from where it was.Pick up your left foot and put it down toed out going the oppositeway. Simultaneously, lower your right hand near your left (nearyour lower waist), and then stretch your left in a fist, palm up,above your toed out left foot, the right hand palm down nearyour left elbow. 15THE HEART OF THE MATTER 35

21Repeat the same three movements going in the opposite direc-tion.Thus, three movements forward, turn, and three movementsreturning. (The orthodox turn is different, being done with theleft hand and foot forward and turning to the right instead of theleft as in the modified version.)2. CRUSHING (PENG-CH'UAN)Peng goes straight and true like an arrow and symbolizes woodof the Five Elements.Continuing from the previous posture, which ended with yourright palm and foot forward, turn as before (pivot right foot onheel, 60° to the left). As you turn, take a short step forward withyour left foot, clenching your fists and bringing the right fist backpast the right side. Then, as you pull your left fist, palm up, back36 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS16-20

to your left side, shoot your right standing fist over it directlyforward ahead of (but on a level lower than) your nose. Simul-taneously, your right foot follow-steps and is put down on its toesbeside your left foot. Your knees are well bent, close together, 22and the punch is focused low at the opponent's stomach, proceed-ing like an arrow.Put your right heel down, take your left foot a half step forwardand toe it out. Now, take your right foot forward. Follow-step 23-24with your left foot on its toes, shooting your left fist over yourright fist, which retracts to your right side. 25Take a half step forward with your right foot, toe it out, andtake a full step with your left foot. As you follow-step with your 26right foot on its toes, shoot your right fist forward over yourwithdrawing left fist. 27Finally, repeat the movement by putting down your right heel,THE HEART OF THE MATTER 37

28 taking your left foot a half step forward toed out. Take a full stepforward with your right foot and follow-step with your left foot,while shooting your left fist forward and withdrawing your right29 fist to your side.You may repeat the same steps going the other way as you didin p'i above, by turning and shooting your right fist. You wouldthen follow this as you move forward with your left fist, right fist,and end with your left fist. Thus, four movements forward, turn,and repeat the same four movements returning. Alternatively youwould go only one way, linking up with the next form when youturn. This is the method illustrated below. (The orthodox pengis higher stanced, aimed at the upper body or face, and the turnis made when the right fist is forward.)3. DRILLING (TSUAN-CH'UAN)Tsuan belongs to water of the Five Elements and symbolizesch'i flowing in curving eddies. It is likened also to a shootinggeyser or streaking lightning. It correlates with the kidney. If thech'i is harmonious, the kidney becomes strong; if the exercise isdone incorrectly, the kidney will become weak.Ending peng, after going only one way, you are anchored onyour right foot, your left foot on its toes and your left fist forward.As you turn leftward toward the opposite direction, simultaneously30 swing your left fist circularly and raise your right arm; twist yourleft fist, palm up, out from under your chin straight ahead of your31 nose as your left foot goes forward.38 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

Toe out your left foot, turn your left fist over circling the armclockwise as your right foot takes a full step forward and yourright fist, palm up, is extended forward directly ahead of yournose. Your left fist ends its circle near your left side, palm down,and your left foot does a half step follow-step.Toe out your right foot and go forward with your left foot,shooting your left fist out on a line with your nose and over yourright arm, your right foot follow-stepping.Toe out your left foot, go forward with your right foot, andstrike with your right fist. After follow-stepping with your leftfoot, you are ready to turn into p'ao.The target of tsuan is the opponent's chin. One very importantpoint is the weight. If both the advanced fist and foot carry mostof the weight, this is a fault called in Chinese boxing double-weighting. Therefore, in tsuan be sure to keep most of your323334THE HEART OF THE MATTER 39

weight on your rear foot as you strike. Thus, if your right fiststrikes, most of your weight is reserved on your rear (left) foot.4. POUNDING (P'AO-CH'UAN)P'ao represents fire in the Five Elements, is equated to theheart, and symbolizes the sudden firing of a gun. If done correctlyp'ao will calm the mind; if done incorrectly, your mind will be-come confused and your body awkward.You ended tsuan with your right fist and foot forward. Pivotingleftward on your heels so that you face the other way, curl your35 two fists at your sides. Step out diagonally left with your left foot,and simultaneously strike upward with your standing right fistwhile your left arm circles upward, palm out, to protect your head36 and your right foot follow-steps.Take a half-step forward with your left foot on the same diagonalline, bring your right foot up to it, and rest it on its toes. Bothfists circle downward to your sides, both knees are well bent, and37 the body is "cocked" for the next strike. Now take a long stepdiagonally rightward with your right foot while your right fistrises, palm out, to protect your head and your left fist strikes38 upward on the diagonal line and your left foot follow-steps.40 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

Taking your right foot a half step forward on the same line,lower your fists to your sides as before and bring your left foot upto your right foot and put it down on its toes. Then step forwardto the left diagonal and raise your arms as before.Finally, repeat the cocking step; then go forward to the rightdiagonal, striking with your left fist and protecting with yourright. Follow-step with your left foot.Now you are ready to swing leftward into heng. The path inp'ao is a zig-zag one, your body lowering as it cocks and rising asit strikes. (The orthodox p'ao is a higher, more extended posture.)5. CROSSING (HENG-CH'UAN)Heng belongs to earth in the Five. Elements. Even though itcomes last in the sequence, heng is considered the mother of theothers. Kuo Yun-shen called it the t'ai-chi ch'uan of Hsing-i.Equated to the spleen, it has a rounded power. If done properly,your stomach and spleen will be solid; if not, they will becomeweak.You ended p'ao aligned toward the right diagonal, your rightfoot forward, your right fist, palm out, protecting your head andyour left standing fist striking forward. Turn leftward as before,pivoting on both heels and circling both fists toward your sides.As you take a short step with your left foot, your right fist circlesclockwise under your left and is stretched out on a line with yournose with the palm up; your left fist, palm down, circles clockwiseand returns to your left side. As in the other forms, you take ahalf step follow-step with your rear (right) foot.THE HEART OF THE MATTER 41394041424344

Take a half step forward with your left foot and toe out. Thentake a full step forward with your right foot while your right fistturns over and circles counterclockwise above your left fist, whichcircles from under the right counterclockwise and strikes forward,palm up, on a line with your nose. Simultaneously, follow-stepwith your left foot. Your right fist comes to your right side, palm45 down.Toe out your right foot, taking it a half step forward. Now asyou take a full step forward with your left foot, turn your left fistpalm down and circle it clockwise above your right fist and bringit to your left side, palm down. Simultaneously, your right fistcircles clockwise from under your left and strikes forward with the46 palm up as you follow-step with your right foot.Take your left foot forward a half step and toe out. Then take afull step forward with your right foot as your right fist turns overand circles counterclockwise above your left fist to your rightside, and your left fist circles counterclockwise under the right47 and strikes forward and the left foot follow-steps.Finally, turn leftward, bring your feet together and your fists48 to your sides, thus ending the walking of the Five Forms. Alter-natively, as you swing leftward go into a scissors crouch and use49 p'i with your right arm.

Heng is done on a wavy alignment contrasted with the directpath of p'i, peng, and tsuan, and the zig-zag of p'ao. Heng's targetis the opponent's upper body. In sum, going one way p'i is donethree times; peng, four; tsuan, three; p'ao, four; and heng, four.To illustrate the orthodox style, Master Wang Shu-chin doesthe five basic postures: p'i, figures 50-56; peng, figures 57-60;tsuan, figures 61-63; p'ao, figures 64-67; and heng, figures 68-71.50-71

Let us briefly compare the two styles. In the orthodox method,peng is used to strike the opponent's upper body; in the modified,it is directed against the navel or groin. The orthodox stance is44 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

higher, the knees less bent. The orthodox turn is also different,being done when the right fist and left foot are forward.Turn your left foot inward (to the right) 90° and lower yourright fist. Circle your right fist under your chin, and simultane- 72ously raise your right knee to a point under your right elbow.Turn your right toes rightward as far as they will go, raising thesole in the direction toward which you are turning. Use left p'i, 73and stop as your right foot goes forward as far as it can and is putdown at 45°. 74Next, as you take a full step forward with your left foot, strikeforward with your right fist and retract your left fist under it toyour left side. At the same time your right foot follow-steps a 75—76half step behind your left foot. Thus, the orthodox follow-step inp'i is quite different from Yuan's. Then continue as before.THE HEART OF THE MATTER 45

Wang Shu-chin stressed to me the virtue of peng as a doubleimpact punch. The initial strike is with the top of the standingfist, breaking the opponent's foothold, or root, then the lowerpart of the fist is screwed upward. Yuan also modified his pengby using only the extended knuckle of the index finger.C. Linking the Five FormsThe five forms are linked together in lien huan. Yuan's methodis as follows.Stand upright with your heels together. Relax your entire body77 and breathe naturally.Pivot on your right heel 45° rightward while lowering yourbody and bringing your open hands down near your thighs and78-79 clenching them into fists.Bring your fists up, your right extended, palm up, and your left,palm down, near your right elbow as you pivot 45° leftward on80 your left heel so that you again face directly to the front.Separate your hands, bringing your right back to your right side81 and using your left in p'i as your left foot goes forward.As you peng with your right fist, bring your right foot forward82 on its toes next to your left foot.Take your right foot and most of your weight rearward, and as46 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

you strike forward with left peng retract your right fist, palm up,to your right side. 83Step forward with your right foot and use right peng as youretract your left fist to your left side. 84Raise your two fists upward (in figure 85, the left is obscured)and bring your right foot back on its toes near your left foot andstrike your right fist into your left palm. 85-86Take your right fist up to protect your head, and as you stepdirectly forward with your right foot and follow-step with yourleft foot, use left p'ao. 87LINKING THE FIVE FORMS 47

Taking your left foot forward use left heng, while retracting88 your right fist, palm up, to your right side.89 Next, convert heng to p'i.Thrust your right fist, palm up, forward in tsuan, your left hand,palm down, at your right elbow, and take your right foot forward,90 putting it down toed out.91 Step forward with your left foot and use left p'i.Go forward with right peng as your right foot goes forward on92 its toes to your left.Turn rightward slightly, your feet scissored, lower your twohands to your pelvis and then take your right fist up in tsuan, your48 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

left palm at the elbow, as you advance and toe out your right foot. 93Go forward with left p'i and your left foot. 94Again take your right foot forward on its toes as you use rightpeng. 95Retract your right foot and peng with your left fist. 96Use right peng as your right foot goes forward. 97Raise your two fists and strike the right fist into the left palmas your right foot goes back on its toes. 98-99Raise your right fist above your forehead and use left p'ao asyour right foot steps forward. 100Take your left foot forward and use left heng. 101LINKING THE FIVE FORMS 49

102 Change your left heng to p'i.103 Step forward with your right foot toed out and use right tsuan.104 Step forward with your left foot and left p'i.105 Go forward with your right foot and right peng.Turn rightward, your feet scissored, lower your right handto your pelvis, and shoot out right tsuan as you step forward with106 your right foot and toe out.107 Take your left foot and left p'i forward.108 Take your right foot forward to the beginning posture.50 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

D. The Function of the Five FormsWhile the ultimate aim of Hsing-i is an immediate responsewithout cognition to an attack, like T'ai-chi and Pa-kua its ex-ercise components are, in themselves, fighting techniques and thususeful starting points for that no-mind response. The functions forthe five basic forms given below do not exhaust the fighting possi-bilities, however. The discerning student will be able to discoverothers. But the uses given are the major ones and should be learnedas a basis for others one might devise. Remember: like the forms,the functions should be practiced from both sides.l. SPLITTING (P'I-CH'UAN)Better than any of the basic five forms, p'i reflects the use of theHsing-i guiding principle: rise, drill, fall, overturn. Some boxersdo this exercise until its use becomes as reflexive as withdraw-ing one's hand from a hot grill. (See figures 1-5 on page 27.)Guided by the hand the opponent uses—if he uses his right youuse your right—irrespective of which foot you have forward, youcounter him with p'i. Your fist is actually more of a strike than adeflection, and is driven at the opponent's chin as he strikes. Onlyif it meets his incoming attack does it become a deflection. Thus,your lead hand may do the striking or may deflect and open youropponent for your rear hand. You may use it with a simple halfstep forward with your lead foot or a full step bringing up yourrear foot.You and your opponent stand with your right feet forward. Heattacks with a right cross. Toe out your right foot, stretch yourright arm, palm upward, forward and deflect his cross, carryingyour left palm forward near your right elbow as you deflect. On109110

deflecting, turn your right fist over, grasp his right wrist, and pullit toward your right side. Simultaneously, take a full step forwardwith your left foot, keeping your ch'i at the navel and choppingforward against the opponent's upper body or face with your open111 left palm. The chop circles forward and down impacting on vitalpoints such as those in the face, the carotid artery, or the heart.Alternatively, it is not necessary to take the body forward. Thestrike may be accomplished from a static posture provided theopponent is close enough, the auxiliary hand grasping or simplyslapping the opponent's wrist. This method is faster but not as112 powerful. (Figure 112 shows it applied from the right side.) How-ever, power is not the major determinant in a strike. Celerity andplacement from a well-centered body carry as much impact. Also,in using the palm, you can spear or scrape the opponent's eyes on113-14 impact.52 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

2. CRUSHING (PENG-CH'UAN)Peng is a response to a body attack. It is a powerful action andone that the famed Kuo Yun-shen and Shang Yun-hsiang used toperfection. Wang Shu-chin could use it starting with his fist againstthe opponent's body and drop most men, so well was he able togenerate power from his legs. To perfect it the undefeated ShangYun-hsiang walked (barefoot with his shoes draped around hisneck) twenty miles to and from his teacher's house each day, usinga "half bamboo step." That is, he would take a half step forward,bring the rear foot forward and punch. And then repeat with theother fist (the same foot goes forward while the fists alternate.Figure 117 shows the "half bamboo step.") Kuo Feng-ch'ih also115-18THE FUNCTION OK THE FIVE FORMS 53

taught me a full-stride walking method in which you peng alter-nately with each fist as one foot touches down. The walk is thenvaried by striking when the other foot touches the ground.119 Your opponent, his left foot forward, strikes with his right fist.120-22 Deflect lightly and use right peng in the orthodox (figures 121—123 22) or modified (figure 123) way.3. DRILLING (TSUAN-CH'UAN)Functionally, tsuan is directed at the head. Your opponent at-124 tacks with a right cross. Toe out your left foot, deflect the strikedownward with your left palm, and at the same instant drill yourright fist, palm up, to his chin or nose while taking your right125—27 foot a full step forward. The fist strikes as the right heel touchesdown, but the weight is then shifted to the rear leg to avoid doubleweighting. Alternatively, tsuan can be used without stepping for-54 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

ward, merely by shifting out of the path of the punch and impalingyour opponent on the fist. This requires no deflection and can bedone with either foot forward. Finally, the fist may be articulated 128-29to either jab upward or to club downward.THE FUNCTION OF THE FIVE FORMS 55

130-31132-334. POUNDING (P'AO-CH'UAN)Although the orthodox and modified versions use the samedirection for p'ao—a diagonal approach to the opponent—-the tar-get and technique are somewhat different. The orthodox is alonger expansive movement directed at the upper body; the modi-fied is a quicker and shorter action focused on the opponent's face.Depending on the opponent's angle of attack, the response may bemade inside or outside his attacking arm, and with either footahead. In use, p'ao cannot follow the form exactly, however. Ifyou have your left foot forward and your opponent strikes withhis right fist, it would take too much time to step diagonally for-ward with your left foot, bring your right foot up to it, crouch andcock, block the punch with your right arm, and strike with yourleft fist. Therefore, if you have your left foot forward, you shoulduse p'ao inside the deflection; if your right foot is forward, youshould use p'ao outside the deflection. Also, although p'ao worksbetter against a hook, it can also be used against a cross focusedon the upper body.

5. CROSSING (HENG-CH'UAN)Functionally, there is a problem with heng analogous to theLotus kick of T'ai-chi: both are done clockwise rather than counter-clockwise. We just have never been taught to strike in this way.More than this, at first blush it is difficult to see how it could beeffective. But it can be and is. Its effect depends in large part onthe element of surprise; the striking arm is carried away from thenormal power source, apparently sacrificing leverage and mo-mentum. In reality it is simply a circling strike of considerablemomentum but one that approaches the opponent from a quarterhe does not expect.As your opponent strikes with his right fist (figure 134-), step 134forward with your left foot, deflect and grab his right arm fromthe inside with your left hand, pulling it toward your left shoulder.Simultaneously, loop your right fist, palm up, in a clockwise circlestriking your opponent in the right armpit. On impact, the punch 135—36is driven directly forward off the circle, the legs enlisted to createpunching power. The technique works as well from the outside as

the inside. If he crosses with his left fist, step in with your left foot,capture his arm from the outside and attack his heart with your137—38 right fist looping from underneath.E. Functions Equated to the Five ElementsAbove we stated that each element represented by a form iscapable of generating another element. The generating actions arefor normal practice. Each element also is capable of counteringanother element as follows: metal (p'i) counters wood; wood(peng) counters earth; earth (heng) counters water; water (tsuan)counters fire; and fire (p'ao) counters metal. This is the traditionand philosophy. In real combat, of course, other counters thanthese may be used. These counters can be arranged in variouscombinations. Sun Lu-tang's are as follows.139 You are both in san t'i, each with your left foot forward. He140 takes a short step forward with his left foot and uses right peng.58 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

Grasp his right wrist with your left hand. He takes another half 141step forward with his left foot and uses left peng. Toe out your 142left foot, twist your left hand under his, grab his wrist, and step 143—44forward a full step with your right foot and strike with right p'i. 145Thus metal breaks wood.However, he twists his left hand from your grasp, blocks yourp'i and uses right p'ao against your chest. Thus, fire can be pro- 146—47duced from wood and can destroy metal.As your opponent tries p'ao, take your right foot back and usinginward "wrap" energy press his right fist down with your lefthand; then take a half step forward with your left foot and use 148FUNCTIONS EQUATED TO THE FIVE ELEMENTS 59

149 right tsuan against his chin. Therefore, metal can produce water,which in turn can destroy fire.He pulls back his right fist to his right side and simultaneously150 strikes your right elbow with left heng on an upward slant. Thusearth is produced by fire and can destroy water.60 THE FIVE BASIC ACTIONS

You retract your right fist and use left peng against his stom-ach, showing that water creates wood which in turn can destroy 151-52earth.He uses p'i against your left fist and grasps the wrist, whilewithdrawing his left hand and foot. Thus again metal breaks wood. 153-54Take a left half step forward and use right peng. He takes back 155-56his right hand and foot and uses left p'i against your right peng. 157Thus, metal breaks wood.Again take a half step forward with your left foot and use leftpeng. He twists his left hand up outside your left arm, grasps 158-59your wrist, and takes a full right step forward using right p'iagainst your left shoulder or face, metal again destroying wood. 160FUNCTIONS EQUATED TO THE FIVE ELEMENTS 61

5. The Twelve Styles1-45-6Because of his brain man is superior to other animals. But phys-ically he can learn much from animals. To the five basic forms,therefore, Hsing-i adds an auxiliary twelve styles derived from thefighting characteristics of animals, some mythical. The arrange-ment, types, and names vary according to the schools. The twelvetaught by Yuan Tao are as follows: (1) Dragon, (2) Tiger, (s)Monkey, (4) Horse, (5) Turtle, (6) Chicken, (7) Falcon, (8)Swallow, (9) Snake, (10) Dove, (11) Eagle, and (12) Bear. Otherschools delete some of these and use the mythical T'ai bird, theOstrich, Goose, Camel, and others. Below these styles are sampledand their salient features pointed out.1. Dragon is a vigorous series of movements employing verticalaction from down to up and hardy leaps into a low, crouching formof p'i. (Performed by Ch'en Yun-ch'ao, eldest son of the greatCh'en P'an-ling.)2. Tiger also is vigorous and features an initial deflection fol-lowed by strong palm-pushing.3. Monkey reflects rapid dexterous retreating and jumping. Theback of the wrist is used to attack the opponent's heart. Alterna-

tively, you may use the hand to grab his wrist. Finally, the kneecan be employed to strike. (Performed by Kuo Feng-ch'ih.) 7-104. Horse advances directly forward and is a speedy and powerfulposture in which the fists are used with the palms downward (flatfist). 11-14THE TWELVE STYLES 6'3

5. Turtle is very fast and attacks obliquely with all the fingers15—17 curved except the index finger.6. Like the Horse posture, Chicken moves directly ahead. Theedge of the palm is used as you come forward onto one leg (figure18—19 18); thereafter the open palm is changed into a fist (figure 1.9).The elbow is also used extensively.7. Falcon is sharp, violent, and multidirected. Among its actions64 THE TWELVE STYLES

it employs a shooting palm (figure 20) and p'ao (figure '21) as 20-21well as tsuan and others.8. Swallow is also lively and invigorating and uses p'i and theChicken posture. 22—239. Snake stresses elasticity, diagonal movements, and shootingpalms, all from a crouching posture. 24-2710. Dove uses much rising and falling movement and a crossTHE TWELVE STYLES 6'5

arm block that continues into a two fist (palms up) attack, finally28—29 "folding" into elbow strikes.11. and 12. Eagle is yang, uses the same straight-ahead routeas p'i and features grasping. It is often combined with Bear, whichis yin. Combined, the postures go diagonally like heng and cross30-33 the opponent's attack, permitting the capture of his arm.66 THE TWELVE STYLES

6. Consecutive Step Yunnan BoxingA. The FormHsing-i principles can be seen in various fistic forms. One inwhich they figure prominently is the standardized Consecutive StepYunnan Boxing (Yunnan Lien-pu Ch'uan), named after the south-western province in which it was widely practiced in the 1930s and40s by Chinese Nationalist soldiers. (It is also called SzechwanLinked Boxing by boxers who learned it in that adjoining prov-ince. ) This form is done at normal speed and makes balanced useof internal and external methods. It is realistic in eschewing over-use of feet and stresses extrication from holds, a blend of open andclosed hands, and ripostes from vulnerable positions. It must bepracticed lightly and power applied only at the last moment of eachstrike. It should not be done so rapidly that the techniques areblurred or cheated of their full value. Crispness and celerity are thekey words in its practice. Below we first detail the form and thendelineate the functions of the postures.Stand at attention but without rigidity. Bring your left hand,palm down, smartly to your midriff where it "holds a ball" abovethe palm-up right hand. Lower your body, fixing your knees to-67

gether, and bring your right hand outside the left hand up above3 your forehead, palm inward (figure 3), while your left hand islowered to the level of your knees (not shown).Take a full step leftward with your left foot, your left handstretched above it. Your right hand is clenched, palm up, at your4 right side.Turn abruptly to face in the opposite direction with most of yourweight on your left leg, snapping your right fist upward, your left5 palm held at the right elbow. Slide your right foot forward and ex-6 tend your right fist, shifting most of the weight to your front foot.7 Slap your left shoulder with your right palm and step out fullywith your left foot 90° to the left as your left palm stretches outabove your left leg, and your right fist, palm up, is pulled to your8 right side.Shift your weight to your rear (right) foot, toe out your front(left) foot, and go forward with your right foot and right flat fistwhile your left hand is clenched and held slightly higher than (and9 in front of) your left shoulder.As you take your right foot a full step to the rear, turn your leftfist palm up and screw clockwise until the palm is down on the rightarm as your right fist screws clockwise until the palm is up. Thus,the left fist ends up forward, palm down, and the right fist at your68 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

<Dright side, palm up, while most of your body weight is on the rear(right) leg. 10Toe out your left foot and step forward with your right foot andfist as before. I IToe out your right foot and take your left foot forward as yourleft fist hammers down and your right fist is retracted, palm up, toyour right side, most of your weight remaining on your right leg. 12Straighten up, shift most of your weight forward to your left footand shoot your right, palm down, forward over your left fist. 13Shift your weight back to your rear (right) foot, as your left fistscrews counterclockwise, palm up, to your front and your right fistclockwise, palm up, to your right side. 14THE FORM 69

Toe out your left foot and take a full step forward with your right15 foot as your right fist chops into the palm of your left hand.Toe out your right foot, take your left foot forward while yourright fist opens, palm down, and lowers to your midriff, and yourleft hand, palm up, is raised to shoulder height. Your weight is16 largely on your rear foot. Toe out your left foot and step forwardfully with the right foot, your right palm spearing directly forwardover your left hand, which is held palm down at your right armpit.17 Your weight is now thrust forward on your right foot.Shift your weight rearward, make a flat fist with your right hand,clench your left hand and strike forward out of a Horse posture with18 your right while your left is held above your head.Shift your weight to your right foot, pivot your left foot on itsheel leftward 90°, and as it touches down, turn your body leftwardand with a right standing spear hand strike diagonally downward,your left hand slapping the top of the right forearm. Again, your19 weight is thrust forward.Shift your weight to your rear (right) foot as you strike forward20 with your left fist and retract your right fist to your right side.Toe out your left foot, step forward with your right foot and21 chop your right fist into your left palm directly ahead of your chest.(This repeats a previous posture.)70 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

Shifting your weight rearward, shoot out your standing left palmand retract your right fist, palm up, to your right side. 22Shifting your weight to your front (right) foot, spear, palmdown, with your right hand over your palm-down left hand held atyour right armpit. (This is a repetition.) 23Shift your weight to your rear (left) foot, clench your hands,and as you shift your weight forward again, assume a Horse postureand shoot your right flat fist forward and bring your fist, palmoutward, above your head. (This repeats the previous Horse pos- 24ture movement.)Take your right foot backward a full step and put most of yourweight on it, and strike forward with p'i. 25Toe out your left foot, take a full step forward with your rightand chop into your open left palm with your right fist, palm up. 26(Another repetition.) Keeping your feet in place, lower your rightfist, unclenched and palm down by your left armpit, as your leftstanding palm strikes forward as more weight is pushed onto yourfront (right) leg. 27

Turn leftward 180° by spinning on your left heel and swing yourright elbow to where it strikes into your left palm as your left toe28—29 touches down. Now bring your right foot to your left, put it down,and then step 180° rightward with your right foot as your right30 elbow is pushed out by your left palm over your right knee.Toe out your right foot, take a full step forward with your left31 so that your feet are parallel, and "uphold" with your two hands.Turn around rightward 180°, taking your right leg forward and32 pushing with both hands. Shift leftward and strike with a standing33 spear, your left palm slapping your right wrist in the process.Retract your weight to your rear (right) foot, sliding your left7'2 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

foot back on its toes, shooting out a left standing fist, and bringingyour right hand clenched, palm up, to your right side. 34As you step with your left foot toed out about 20° to the right,circle your left fist counterclockwise, step forward with your right 35foot and chop with a right standing fist into your left palm. 36Take a short step farther left with your right fist circling clock-wise while your left fist circles to your left side. 37Take a full step with your left foot as your left standing fiststrikes down into your right palm. 38Fixing your weight on your front (left) foot, spread your armsat shoulder height and scoop forward with your right foot. 39THE FORM 73

As you put your right foot down a full step back, strike down-40 ward into your left palm with your right standing fist.Turn your body rightward 180° and push forward with both41 hands over your right foot.Spinning on your left heel, turn back leftward 180° and push42 with both hands over your left foot.Bring your right foot forward, join the heel to the left, and holdyour left hand, palm down, over your right, palm up, repeating the43 first posture.44 Finally, lower your hands to your sides and stand at attention.B. The FunctionThe uses of the postures are many and are not limited to thoseshown. The thinking student will be able to create functions of hisown. In many postures of the form you end in a stance much moreexpanded than you would in a real street situation because in thestreet your opponent's body "interrupts" your strike. By practicinggoing into such an expanded stance you "image through" the op-ponent in the street and enhance your strike. All of these tacticscan be used consecutively, correlated with the form, but, to givethem more realism, some are divorced from their form context.The first technique is one for use in close quarters in which you74 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

have no room to use long strikes or kicks. It only requires thatyour opponent be close to you. He crowds you, attempting to geta hold on you. Keeping your power in the navel, circle your lefthand, palm down, laterally to your chest while simultaneously cir-cling your right hand, palm up, to your navel. Your fingers striking 45the opponent's armpit and external oblique muscles (both vitalpoints) at the same instant can create a strong impact (although itlacks the body movement, the posture is similar to the Cloud Handsof T'ai-chi). This technique is a good example of defense from astatic posture in a confined space. ("If you're close enough, there'sroom enough" is the way Dashiell Hammett's Continental Op putit when he confronted a gangster who, looking around the smallroom, complained, "There's no room.")Another close quarters, static posture: You have no place to goand your opponent launches a fist, foot, or combination attack.From the previous posture, simply lower your left palm insideyour right to your knees and raise your right hand outside yourleft above your forehead, while your knees are brought togetherand your body lowered, deflecting both his fist and foot. You thus 46use vertical distance—the lowering—to mitigate the effect of thestrike. As in all the functions, you may modify it depending on thecircumstances and use only part of the posture.THE FUNCTION 75

IThe third posture functions as an attack or simply to move youropponent from a close-in position to one farther away preparatory47-48 to attacking him.49 He attacks your middle from the rear with his right fist. Spin andlightly deflect his right forearm from outside with your right fist,50 your right foot poised on its toes a half step ahead of your left foot.Then extend your right foot and your right fist forward, the fist51 striking your opponent's right armpit.Your feet are on a line. He grabs your shirt near your left shoul-52 der. Press his right hand with your right, holding- it against yourright shoulder. Next, step forward with your left foot and thrust53 your left thumb into his right armpit.76 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

Your left thrust misfires, and he grabs it (alternatively, he grabsyour left wrist as an initiating rather than a countering action). 54Clenching it into a fist, raise it, palm toward you, near your leftshoulder. Simultaneously, toe out your left foot and take a full stepforward with your right foot while striking him with your rightflat fist. Here again, "imaging through" is important. Your cir- 55cling left arm will seek to evade his grasp at its weakest point—between his index finger and thumb. This will cause him to"freeze" his mind and energy on your wrist, thus permitting youto step forward and strike. The strike itself can be articulated asfull fist, all knuckles, or one knuckle.He grabs your right hand. As you take your right foot a full step 56THE FUNCTION 77

to the rear, turn your left fist, palm up, then screw it down against57 his hold, effecting your release.58 He grabs your left hand. Repeat the earlier movement of toeingout your left foot, twisting your left fist to your left shoulder, and59 stepping forward with your right foot and flat fist.Again he grabs your right fist. Shift your weight to your rear60 (left) leg, toe out your right foot, and go forward with your left61 arm and leg. Your left arm circles up and, as your left foot touchesdown, your left hand scythes his hand (be it right or left) off your62 wrist. "Imaging through" is done here by going into a deep squat.As you cut his hand off your wrist turn your right fist over andretract it, palm up, to your right side.

The next function can flow from the preceding one or it canoriginate from scratch. If the former, simply rise, straighten yourleft toes, and thrust forward at his throat with a flat right spearhand, palm down, as your weight goes forward to your left leg. 63From scratch, he throws either hand. Depress the attackinghand with your left and simultaneously spear forward with yourright hand. 64-65He holds your right hand, palm down, with either of his. As you 66shift your weight rearward to your right foot, twist your left fistup in a counterclockwise circle against his hand, and simultaneously 67—68twist your right hand, palm up, out of his grasp to your right side. 69Your weight shifts but your feet do not move.

He strikes at you with his left fist. Toe out your left foot and70 shift your weight to it; then, deflect his left fist with your left hand,71 and grab it as you go forward with your right foot and fist. Yourright fist loops and strikes his head at the carotid artery or base ofhis skull, while your right foot thrusts inside his left leg if possibleto "freeze" him for the strike, or to use as a lever if the strike72 misses.73 You have your left foot forward, and he tries a right cross. In amoving lock, shift your weight rearward to your right foot andstrike his right elbow from left to right and, simultaneously, his80 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

right wrist from right to left. These converging strikes applied 74crisply at the same time can produce dislocation. (Caught with yourleft foot back, the strike will work, but less effectively.)Your feet are on a line, and he strikes with his left fist. Deflect 75and grab his left arm and, going into a Horse posture, strike his leftside with your right fist, which can be held flat or as a standing 76—77fist.You have your right foot forward and are attacked from the rear. 78Shift your weight to your right foot, pivot on the heel of your leftfoot and, as the toe touches down facing your opponent, deflect hisTHE FUNCTION 81

strike with your left hand and attack his groin with a standing79-80 spear. The left foot turn is important: it permits you to throw mostof your body weight forward to the left foot as your right handstrikes.82 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

You have your left foot forward. He grabs your right wrist. As 81you shift your weight rearward to your right foot, twist your rightfist out of his grasp and retract it, palm up, to your right side.Simultaneously, strike his middle with your left standing fist. 82-83Both of you have your left feet forward. He grabs your left wristwith his left hand. Shift your weight to your right foot, toe out 84your left foot, and take a full step forward with your right foot. As 85your right foot comes down, attack his left carotid artery or thebase of his skull with your looping right fist. As in a previous pos- 86ture, your right foot thrusts inside his left leg if possible, so as to"freeze" him for the strike.You have your right foot forward, and he grabs your right hand. 87Spear forward with your left standing spear as you twist your rightfist, palm up, and take it to your right side. 88Again, your right foot is forward. He grabs your left hand withTHE FUNCTION 83

89 his right. Turn your left hand palm down, bring it back to yourchest, and strike over it with your right flat spear against his90 throat or upper torso without moving your legs. Alternatively, theleft hand, if not held, can depress a strike and the spear can be usedover it.The next posture is a repeat of a previous posture. You haveyour left foot forward. He shoots a left cross at your head or uppertorso. Deflect it with your left hand, grabbing his wrist, and strikehis side with either a standing or flat fist as your right foot goes91-92 forward into a Horse posture.93 The next posture is p'i of Hsing-i. He strikes with his right fist,and you chop down against his head and arm as you take your94 right foot back.95 He grabs your left wrist with his right. Toe out your left foot84 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

and take a full step with your right foot directly between his legsand loop your right fist to his neck. 96You have your right foot forward. He strikes with his right fist. 97Depress his fist with your right hand and strike over it with yourleft standing spear. 98THE FUNCTION 85

99 You have your right foot forward. He approaches from the sideand grabs your left shoulder. Shift your weight to your left foot and100 attack him with your right elbow.You have your left foot forward. He tries a right cross. Deflect101 outward with your right hand, then cup your right fist and strikehis chest with your right elbow as your right foot goes a full step102-3 forward.You have your right foot forward. He grabs your shirt with both104 hands, palms up. Take your left foot forward to where it is on a linewith your right, turn both your palms upward, and seize his elbowsfrom underneath. Simultaneously, push down against his fists with86 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

your chest. This usually is a hold preliminary to a strike, but can be 105used as a strike rather than a hold.This posture is simply a push-strike with or without an initialdeflection. He attacks you from the rear. Turn rightward, take your 106right foot forward, and, evading the blow, strike him in theabdomen. 107-8This, too, is an attack from the rear and repeats a previous pos-ture. As he attacks, spin on your left heel, and as the toes touch

down, deflect the strike with your left hand, and strike his groin109 with your right standing spear.I 10 You have your left foot forward, and he grabs your right wrist.As you shift your weight rearward to your right foot, clench yourright hand and twist it back, palm up, to your side while your left111 fist is driven into his abdomen. (This is a repetition.)You both have your left feet forward, and he strikes at you with112 his left fist. Take your left foot nearer to his, toe it out, and take afull step forward with your right foot. Simultaneously, cross hisleft arm with your left, palm up, and turn it over and grab his arm88 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

as you strike the base of his skull with your right fist. (This also is 113a repeat.)Using the same technique against his right fist, repeat the samemovement but use your right hand to deflect and grab and yourleft fist to strike. 114-16You have your left foot forward. He uses his right fist. Toe out I 17your left foot and step forward with your right, while deflecting hisright fist with your left and attacking the right side of his neck with I I 8your right. At the same time, attack his right ankle from insidewith a right foot scoop. This action is common in Chinese boxing I I 9THE FUNCTION 89

and is also used in traditional Chinese wrestling {shuai chao).I 20 You have your right foot forward and he grabs your left hand.As you step rearward with your right foot, strike the left side of his121-22 neck with your fist.I 2 3 This posture is a repeat. As he attacks from the rear, swingrightward, take your right foot forward and, evading his strike,124-25 push-strike his midriff.I 26 — 28 This is also a repeat, but with your left foot going forward. Thistactic works as well when used as a response to a hold.90 CONSECUTIVE STEP YUNNAN BOXING

This is a repeat of the first posture in which your two hands arethrust circularly inward to the attacker's side and opposite armpit.29THE FUNCTION 91

7. Advice from the MastersKUO YUN-SHENHsing-i is similar to Taoist meditation: both have the goal ofemptiness. But where we go from inaction to action, the Taoistsgo from action to inaction. We borrow from the Taoists threechanges: (l) sperm to ch'i, (2) ch'i to spirit, and (3) spirit toemptiness.Hsing-iStages1. Changesperminto ch'i2. Changech'i intospirit3. Changespirit intoemptinessSedentaryStagesFire work(hard burn-ing)SummoningfireDivinefireChangesBonesType ofEnergyOvertSinews CovertType ofBreathingBasicInter-mediateMarrow Mysterious AdvancedThe way to mysterious [hua] energy is through the obvious andthe concealed energies. To get obvious energy you must be cen-tered and balanced. Through this energy sperm is worked intoch'i, which changes the bones. At birth our bodies are strong but92 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

later they decline. Ta Mo developed a teaching to change thesinews and to wash the bone marrow. He believed that this wouldpermit the body to return to its prenatal state. In the Sung dynasty[960-1279], Yueh Fei added to Ta Mo's doctrine that of changingthe bones. The Five Fowl exercise and Eight Part exercise re-flected these teachings. After concerted practice, the dispersed ch'iis concentrated at the navel and all parts of the body are coordi-nated. This is called Little Heaven.The next stage is concealed energy. It is free, relaxed, soft, andnatural. However, do not be misled by the word soft. It is not softlike grass; rather, it is elastic. This stage deals with changing ch'iinto spirit and concomitantly changing the sinews. It is called BigHeaven. In boxing when your right hand goes forward, the lefthand pulls back as though it were tearing cotton or drawing a bow.This is done slowly, not abruptly. When your two hands go for-ward it is like pulling a cart. That is, just as your legs, not yourhands, move the cart, it is your legs, not your hands, that impartstrength to your boxing. The rear foot holds strength as thoughyou are going to leap off it across a ditch.The highest stage grows from the second. It is called mysterious,the result of marrow washing. It is soft and uses no strength. Itlets you move more easily because the energy is concentrated. Andthis energy merges you with emptiness, the Tao in which "Boxingis non-boxing, non-boxing is boxing." The energy derived is dif-ferent from actual strength. Although the actions taken are thesame, the energy stays inside, controlled by the mind. This is theacme of Hsing-i—the best of alchemy, boxing, and the Tao.Simultaneously with your advancement through these stages,there occur three changes in your body: (1) change of bones, (2)change of sinews, and (3) washing of the bone marrow. To changethe bones means to hold your body like a mountain. When youstand and move, your bones become hard. To change the sinews isto fuse energy into and through all sinews, forming membranes tothem and energizing them. To wash and clean the bone marrow isKUO YUN-SHEN 93

to relax completely and purify and refine the internal organs byusing your mind, thus making your body as light as a feather.There are three ways of breathing in Hsing-i: basic, intermedi-ate, and advanced. In the basic stage of obvious energy, put yourtongue on the roof of your mouth, which is half opened, half closed.Breathe naturally, through your nose without attention to inhala-tion and exhalation. The hands and feet coordinate with yourbreathing to transform sperm into ch'i. In the intermediate stageof concealed energy, the mouth and tongue are held the same andyou breathe through the nose, but now you pay attention to sinkingyour breath to the navel, thus transforming ch'i to spirit. The thirdand highest breathing stage of mysterious energy is reached un-consciously by doing the first two stages. In this stage your spiritis transformed to emptiness and you do not feel that you are breath-ing: there is no sound, no smell, and everything is empty.How is Hsing-i used in the three stages? In the first stage it islike a steel chisel, which goes out strongly but falls like a lightpiece of bamboo. In the second, it starts like an arrow, and fallsweightless like the wind. In the highest stage, it follows the windand chases the moon. An outsider never sees it hit; if he does, itdoes not belong to this stage. This is Hsing-i, the highest level ofachievement: the mind is mindless; you do nothing and have doneeverything. In the emptiness we find our prenatal bodies. But donot be overly concerned about this. If you try too hard, it willelude you. Instead of trying to achieve it, pretend you already haveit. This will help your mind. After all, the mind is the embodimentof your actions: therefore, Hsing-i is mind boxing.In the basic posture [san-t'i] most of the weight is on your rearfoot. In Hsing-i the weight is never shared equally: this easesmovement and avoids the rigidity of double weighting. It lets youdistinguish the soft from the hard (yin and yang). Hsing-i is un-complicated because it is natural. We are in harmony with every-thing. Do not look for miracles. Carry on like a normal persondoing ordinary actions, and with perseverance progress will come.94 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

You may learn Hsing-i simply for health. But if you learn it forboxing purposes it is more difficult. Whoever is proud will lose.Watch the distance between yourself and an antagonist; study hisphysical characteristics and stance. When you step forward intendto dig into him. Protect your body with your elbows. Be versatileand flexible; do not be afraid of changing your tactics. Do not usestrength. Be calm and you will be stable. Ch'eng T'ing-hua toldme: "Whenever I fight someone, I look to see how strong, soft,muscular, or tricky he is. I try to discover his weak points. I neverstick to one way: long or short or high or low. Assessing yourenemy this way, even if you don't defeat him, you will never bedefeated."To practice your movements plant nine numbered bamboo sticksas shown in figure 1. At first make the distance between them great;gradually decrease it until the sticks are barely a shoulder-widthapart. Go from one through nine from inside and then reverse theorder, gradually increasing your speed. Avoid colliding with thegates. Later arbitrarily move through them without regard tonumber. This exercise derives from the I-ching and is excellent inthat you may regard the posts as opponents to evade and strike. Ifyou do it long enough, it will produce a great change in you.Figure 1KUO YUN-SHEN 95

PAI HSI-YUANThe function of Hsing-i is to get rid of disease and to prolonglife, as with the study of herb medicine. A person may be seventyyears old, but his body will be elastic and lively even though he hasnever taken a strength tonic or medicine. Because of boxing, weknow how to train breathing and body movements. To learn box-ing is easy, but to reach the pinnacle is hard. First, you need a goodteacher from whom you learn the essentials of boxing, the basics,accurately and thoroughly. Be patient and do not rush. You shouldlove boxing and throw all your energies into it. And you mustpersevere.As you learn, beware of becoming proud. This is one of thegreatest defects. You need a teacher who can see your errors atone glance; otherwise your mistakes will be habitual, you will be-come sick and think boxing is the cause. The teacher must be skill-ful and experienced in correcting errors and in discovering thecauses of sickness. Trouble on the right side of the body can comefrom the left; it takes a good teacher to identify these troubles. Ifevery student practices hard, with a good teacher seven or eightof every ten will make progress. But only two of the ten will be-come good teachers.LIU CH'I-LANHsing-i merges body and function. To use the action on some-one, you must practice this during the exercise. Concentrate youreyes on a point—e.g., your hand or a wall—without letting youreyes wander. Your ch'i and mind will sink, and your inside andoutside will coordinate. To focus your eyes on one point is themost important thing when you begin to practice. Fix your eyes,but fix your mind also. In a fight, fix your eyes on the enemy'sforehead, palms, or feet. You must not fix your movement in oneway, however. Mobilize all your actions in one round of exercise,but mix them up, using the proper action at the proper time. One96 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

thing, however, does not change: you remain calm and concen-trated. If your eye is never distracted by his actions, you will be-come invincible.Without a calm mind you cannot learn. Remain calm when youmeet an enemy. Begin with a firm foothold and finish with a bodylike bamboo, dexterous and light. Use all your actions: jump, rise,soar up like a dragon, strike like a thunderbolt, attack like anarrow, overwhelm like a whirlwind. Your opponent comes to feelthat he is chasing the moon. He cannot discern your actions. Youractions are faster than physical speed and your body is fully co-ordinated.To master Hsing-i, your mind must be empty. Start with anempty mind and imagine yourself bodiless. Although you have amind, imagine yourself mindless. An old sage said, "Mindless mind,insubstantial-substantial." If you are attacked, counter naturally.Hit the person as if you were disembodied. You come to be thesame as a Taoist: mind, mindless; body, bodiless; something,nothing.(From Shen Hsien, Hopei, Liu was a student of Li Neng-jan.After learning for several years, he left for the countryside, wherehe spent the rest of his life teaching. He was liberal, and he co-ordinated all forms of boxing with Hsing-i. He had many famousdisciples, one of whom was his son Liu Tien-ch'en, who wroteHsing-i Ch'uan Chueh Wei [Probing the Essence of Hsing-i Box-ing].)SUNG SHIH-JUNGAll the Hsing-i postures are very simple; in use they may bechanged and combined differently. Thus, a limited number of pos-tures becomes numberless. Your mind is empty, your body bodi-less. When fighting, your body becomes as strong as metal, yourmind becomes many minds. When a boxer achieves the peak, hecan act without your being aware of his action.SUNG SHIH-JUNG 97

In the Snake style you must imitate a snake going through thegrass turning left and right, up and down. You must become asnake. Full coordination is required. If you hit a snake's head, itstail will respond and hit you; if you hit the snake's tail, its headwill hit you. So when you learn a certain style, you must understandits functions. After you know the functions, it is easier to under-stand coordination.To hit objects some distance from you, you must use longstrength. For close objects, use short strength. If your enemy isclose and on the left or right side, hit him with flapping strength(like rowing a boat). For objects moving on a curving path, youmust use soft strength. Against something hard and fast close toyou, use hard strength. So we have long, short, soft, and hardstrength. Hsing-i is a philosophy that enables you to deal withchanges, to maximize use of the mind as a demonstration of nature.Hsing-i fundamentally consists of two things: (1) the art ofHsing-i itself, and (2) its functions. It is a martial art because itsfunctions show how to fight another person. As a Taoist exercise,it is used to prolong life.Hsing-i uses the san-t'i posture, with one foot having moreweight than the other. Shaolin boxing emphasizes the attack infighting; its postures emphasize equal weighting on both feet, sothat the center of gravity descends to the center of the two feet.Movement is then awkward, clumsy, and confused. Breathing mayalso become mixed up. The ch'i is not always kept in the navel.Therefore, in Hsing-i never equally share the weight on your twofeet. Also, Hsing-i boxers say in fighting the feet take 70 percentof the importance, while the hands take only 30 percent. [Thismeans that the weight is sunk and the hands are subordinated tothe body. It does not mean that kicking is given 70 percent andfisting 30 percent of the importance.]In Hsing-i, we start exercises with the five forms (wu hsing).These forms enable you to coordinate the five actions in the mindand enable you to follow the 70-30 percent foot-hand ratio. Action98 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

flows freely with a free mind and in accord with all changes. Whenyou beat something, you do so without feeling any difficulty. Thiskind of exercise becomes real art. When you reach the peak, withHsing-i as your weapon you will be unbeatable.The san-t'i beginning posture provides a solid foundation be-cause the front foot is light and the back foot heavy. San-t'i gen-erates the five forms. You must become flexible, elastic, anddexterous, never clumsy or heavy as in Shaolin. While learningyou should emphasize mind cultivation and breathing. Breatheeasily to get a good foothold. Because your aim is to return to youroriginal prenatal self, strength used in Hsing-i is the same as thestrength you had when you were bom. The prenatal strength andthe postnatally acquired strength together make up the full-strength fighting that can never be exhausted. Hsing-i paves theway for your return to prenatal strength.T'ai-chi uses the yin-yang; in Hsing-i the san-t'i posture derivesfrom the yin-yang also. We say of yin-yang: when we take action,this is yang; when we remain standing still, this is yin. Actually thethree schools of Hsing-i, Pa-kua, and T'ai-chi are one. In Hsing-ithe action heng-ch'uan begins with prenatal strength, moves natu-rally, and may be fatal, because with your original strength youare unbeatable.The Taoists have sedentary breathing exercises. In Hsing-i,hand and foot actions are coordinated with the breathing. Everyaction follows a discipline, so we never get confused; that is, themovements are coordinated with the breathing so that boxingbecomes like sedentary work. You should pay great attention tothe breathing. Back and forth, up and down, the air moves in acycle with full regulation of breathing. In sedentary work, we tryto settle down from action, but in boxing we move from inactionto action. Both of them reach the same goals: full calmness, fullregulation of breathing, and full coordination of the body.SUNG SHIH-JUNG 99

CH'E I-CHAIHsing-i conforms with the theory of the Golden Mean [ChungTung] of Confucius. This theory is very broad, great, and compli-cated, although it looks simple. It is always centered, balanced, andthorough.You put out strength and it goes everywhere; retract it and ithides inside. This is difficult for a beginner, but as he progresses hewill understand. Each action is launched from emptiness but hasthe greatest strength. From the empty to the substantial: this isthe mind action we call Hsing-i, which means "the shape of themind." This is also true of Pa-kua and T'ai-chi: both reach theperfection of the empty mind. The three internal schools emphasizethe mind, whereas Shaolin stresses fighting. The latter's fightingemphasis means it can never be as lively as the internal.The boxing classics say, "Concentrate on the mind and spirit;the tan t'ien [sea of ch'i]] must be cultivated always. Think aboutthe spirit and the ch'i, and crouch and sink it to the navel. Whenyou reach maximum stability, the yuan ch'i [original ch'i] will cir-culate throughout the whole body and will penetrate every poreand the extremities of the limbs. It prevails everywhere and com-bines with yin and yang; it is never extreme."Thus it accords with the philosophy of the Golden Mean. Con-fucius says about the Golden Mean: "The spirit is great. It exists,but you cannot see it; you can sense its existence but never hear it.It is very full and lacks nothing." When we do Hsing-i, we nevermove in a fixed way; we act flexibly. There are no rigid rules tobeat an enemy. When you perfect an action, you can use it prop-erly. Outside of combat, Hsing-i will improve your ch'i, enlightenyour mind opening it to wisdom, refine your nature, and improveyour temperament. Finally, the body and function merge, every-thing becomes natural, and you will walk and speak in conformitywith Hsing-i principles.In my childhood I had great strength and I learned many types100 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

of boxing. I was very aggressive and clever. Whenever I foughtsomeone I used different styles to win. I became very proud, butthis is poor. An enemy may be better than you. If he can use yourown style against you, you must be able to change your tactics.When he changes, you should have more changes.Formerly, I learned about the ch'i. The strength acquired afterbirth is not real strength. Hsing-i strength is prenatal strength.When I was young I tried to use the Horseback posture in whichthe weight is even. Once while in the Horseback posture, a mankicked at me. As soon as his leg reached me, I automatically evadedit and he hit empty air. I realized then that whatever style I used Ihad come to the stage of natural evading. When struck, I wouldslap the attacker with my palm, and he would fly ten feet in thedirection of his strike. I realized then that it was only the strengthof his own strike that propelled him. Therefore, strength should beused in an inconspicuous manner. Then real boxing emerges. Thefather of boxing, Chang San-feng, left the real art to us; we mustgive it to sincere people.CHANG SHU-TEHsing-i never begins with weapons. When I began Hsing-iexercises, I learned this. Later I learned weapons, especially thespear, for scores of years. I visited my friends in different provincesand met many popular boxers of many schools, some good, somebad. I combined the use of the spear with Hsing-i. It is not simple,for I do not depend on speed, but rather on Hsing-i. The spearmust accord with Hsing-i. It is segmented like Hsing-i. When youuse the sword or spear you must judge where you are going to hitand fix your eyes on the target. Focus your eyes on your opponent'shead, torso, or foot. When you thrust out with the spear, fullycoordinate it with your mind, hands, and feet. Your spear shootslike a dragon out of water, surrounding his body, and you will hithim. Hsing-i depends on the mind. After I combined Hsing-i andthe spear, my spear art was greatly improved. Weapons and box-CHANG SHU-TE 101

ing are two in one. Old boxing classics (ch'uan ching) taught:"The mind is the commander, the eyes are the spearhead, the feetare the vanguard, and the hands are the sentries and the separatecombat units." Thus, by combining boxing with my spear practiceI achieved great success with my spear.(Chang came from Hopei and learned Hsing-i and weapons playfrom Li Neng-jan. His combination of these arts was unique. Aretiring man, he beat all comers, and lived to more than eightyyears of age.)LIU HSIAO-LANActually the theory of Hsing-i is simple. It aims to divest whatwe acquire after birth and return to the origin (the oneness)through the five fists and the twelve styles. All these derive fromone style. Keeping the mind calm and at the navel, you will cometo the one.In my childhood, I learned Pa-chi Ch'uan ["Eight UltimatesBoxing"], mastering all the postures and skills. When I fought, Iused Pa-chi and won. But finally, I met a man of changes. Hechanged styles and his body, feet, and hands so quickly I wasunable to adjust and to use Pa-chi, a rigid style, against thesechanges.Hsing-i has the five fists at the beginning. Each fist complementsthe others. You understand this only after scores of years. Themind is always empty; the inside and outside are always coordinated.Hsing-i has a mutual helping and overcoming principle by whichyou can generate one style from another as though one fist grewfrom another. This is its highest achievement.(Liu, from Hopei, also learned the art from Li Neng-jan. He wasable to combine it with an active business career in Peking wherehe had many students. He was past eighty when he died.)102 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

LI CHING-CHAIAt the beginning of Hsing-i we have the san-t'i posture whichwe always use to take some action. One boxer I knew had goodsan-t'i, but when he practiced he forgot the fundamentals and howthey relate to actual fighting. The postures and actual use must gotogether. Both are required to be consistent, harmonious, and fullycoordinated. It does little good to have perfect postures if you donot keep them in the heat of combat.(From Hsin-an Hsien, Hopei, Li was a scholar who liked box-ing. He did not become a student of Li Neng-jan, however, until hewas thirty-eight. For a long period he lived with Kuo Yun-shen.He kept improving and after seventy was able to merge the teach-ings of Confucius with Hsing-i. He was over eighty when he died.)LI TS'UN-ITo be calm means that you stand still. When you stand still,keep everything in the navel; when you move, energy shoots outfrom the navel in connection with obvious and concealed energy.When you relax and keep the ch'i at the navel, the outside and theinside combine. Take no action: fix your eyes on your enemy's twoeyes and his limbs. When you move your body coordinated withyour hands and legs, that is function. Hsing-i comprises the stand-ing still and the function.In my long period with Hsing-i, I have never used tricks. Myteacher mentioned them, of course, and warned that one mustguard against them. Instead of tricks, I have always relied on myknowledge and skill. When you use tricks, your opponent willnever feel convinced by his defeat.During a fight, pay heed to the soft and the hard. Do not rely onthe hard staying hard, because it can change to soft. Sometimesyour opponent will confront you with hard staring eyes and ex-ternal strength; sometimes he appears soft and relaxed and, more-LI TS'UN-I 103

over, uses the soft style to fight. His hand is like cotton, he concealshis tactics; he is dexterous, lively, and swift. Against such anopponent, you must be very careful for he has reached a stagewhere his ch'i has been transformed into infinity, his obviousenergy has been replaced by concealed energy, his outside andinside are unified, and his mind and body perfectly coordinated.You can never hit him, for he will be insubstantial; when he hitsyou, it is like a mountain. The main purpose of Hsing-i, Pa-kua,and T'ai-chi is to develop the one ch'i, so that the inner strengthbecomes great.When practicing with a friend, agree in advance on the use ofstrength. During a challenge, if you believe that he is a profoundboxer, you must be wary. Do not challenge him unless you want tolearn from him. Compromise with him and learn.Military strategy books say that in order to fight a war, an armymust know itself as thoroughly as it knows the opposing army. Thesame holds true in boxing. Invincibility does not reside in merelyappearing strong and bellicose. Carefully examine your opponents:their bearing, gestures, and manner of speaking. This is internalboxing, as contrasted with external boxing. Although it is some-times easy to test him, often it is difficult to tell whether an oppo-nent is an internal or external boxer. I have seen some who appearsoft as a pretense. I have been tricked, but I was never killed be-cause I stayed alert.(Li boxed as a boy in Shen Hsien, Hopei, and later became aHsing-i student of the famed Liu Ch'i-lan. He learned and taughtthe art to many for nearly a half century. Although a generous andkindly man, he was as rugged as a wall. As a convoy escort, he hadmany battles with robbers. Once, surrounded by many of them asthey tried to seize the convoy, he dispersed them with his broad-sword. For this, he earned the nickname "Tan Tao" [Single Knife]Li. He died when he was more than seventy years of age.)104 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

T'IEN CHING-CHIEHHsing-i is mainly based on balance and centeredness. When youare upright and your body is harmonious, the ch'i circulates every-where. You should never incline forward or backward, or left orright; you must always keep your balance, always be centered. Youcan withdraw ch'i to the navel or you can manifest it in the fiveforms and the twelve styles. The ch'i reaches everywhere. Whenyou are balanced you can move up and down, left and right, backand forth freely, using hard and soft actions commanded and guidedby your mind.(From Hopei, T'ien also learned from Liu Ch'i-lan. He, too, wasa convoy escort for some years and had many students. After hewas seventy he still practiced in the countryside until his death.)LI KUEI-YUANHsing-i means the original nature of a person. The earth is likethe original soil of your body. Heng means all is one, comprehen-sive, inclusive, centered, containing all elements. Keep the whole-ness of your body and of your original nature. Hsing-i contains fourthings to be transformed: p'i, peng, tsuan, and p'ao. These fourstyles all derive from heng.In Hsing-i you move your body and limbs in a natural, un-obtrusive, and harmonious way. When you achieve the highestlevel, you become a superior man. It emphasizes the inner aspect,so that where you think, the action goes. Sedentary work empha-sizes static sitting. After sitting very long, the ch'i circulates. Ac-tion (yang) grows after sitting (yin). Although Hsing-i actiondiffers from that of a sedentary person, it derives action from thecalmness of Taoist sedentary work. Thus, our theory is consistentwith that of the Taoists.In Hsing-i, the upright head looks like the use of obvious energy.Also, the sloping shoulders may be regarded as obvious. In callig-raphy, holding the brush is obvious. The concealed aspect is whenLI KUEI-YUAN 105

you write the characters; then you use concealed energy. Theposture is obvious; when you use it, it is concealed. Obvious andconcealed energy are tangible; mysterious energy is not. In cal-ligraphy when one writes without looking, it is the same asmysterious energy in boxing.A student should not stick to one style, nor should he be toofussy about a style. Neither is the right way to learn Hsing-i, whichdoes not follow formality too closely. Rules are taught by teachers,but the essence is comprehended by the boxer himself. Rather heshould seek to get to the origin of boxing. The inner helps you dothe external exercise. He must have the best teachers, otherwiseeverything will be confusing. The profundity of boxing appearsbeyond our reach. But the Golden Mean says: Tao is not far fromyou. If you try, you can approach it.In the universe, fauna and flora prevail. Man also is a creature ofearth. If we understand the theory of plants and animals, we canunderstand the way of our own body. This depends on using ourminds to analyze and to feel. As you think, so you become. Boxingis the same. We begin by learning san-t'i. All the forms and stylesderive from it. You sink the ch'i to the navel and reach infinity.Take the snake as an example—how it meanders and shoots forth.It is one of the twelve styles. You act like a snake. From san-t'icome the five forms, and from these come the twelve styles. Theyall come from the inner strength, which comes from the ch'i gen-erated at the navel. Crawling and curving naturally, the snake actsjust like a wire. If you touch a part of it, all parts move; it is flexi-ble and dexterous.When you concentrate, you can make yourself anything. Themind is everything. When learning boxing, never feel proud. In myyouth, when I boxed or fought with the spear, I was often defeated.But I learned and improved. Everybody can be your teacher. If youwant to advance, endeavor to get the best teacher. You can applyit to your way of living. Remain modest and humble and never beproud: that is the way to success.106 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

The practice of Hsing-i consists of several levels. Do not bepreoccupied: keep your mind empty and your ch'i full in everyposture. Hold your waist correctly. In the five forms and the twelvestyles, cleanse confused ch'i, imagine that it is perching beneathyour navel, and regulate your breathing. Hold your tongue againstyour teeth and your mouth half open and breathe naturally. Neverdo three things: (1) push out your chest, (2) raise your abdomen,or (3) blow up your ch'i. Even if a boxer has a peaceful mind andhis inner side is good, if he does not follow the correct technique,he will not make progress. Thus the rules for practice are also im-portant, though the most important thing is the mind. If a personwho looks strong inside and out during a fight uses strength on hisenemy, he is not strong. He follows the rules rigidly but does notknow the mutuality of the postures that make his actions forcefuland effective.Sometimes when following the technique exactly, you feel thatyour body is not coordinated, your abdomen does not feel good,the postures are bad, and you are not happy. Do not worry! Youhave gained something and are at a point where you can solveproblems. Do not despair! Instead, ask guidance of your teacher.You then comprehend, everything will crystallize in your mind,and out of great confusion will come bliss, certainty, and progress.(From Lai-chui Hsien, Hopei, Li was a singular man. Early inlife he became expert in T'an-t'ui ["Deep Legs"] and Pa-chi.While he worked as a convoy escort he took on all challengers andbeat them. But when he faced Kuo Yun-shen he learned that hugemuscles and adroit kicks were not enough. Sun Lu-t'ang watchedthis match and writes that when Li kicked, Kuo touched his leg andLi flew twenty feet over a bench. Li then knelt to Kuo and learnedfrom him for several years, achieving high mastery. When he gaveup external boxing he also began to study the classics and becamea noted calligrapher. Later he turned to clerical work and stoppedboxing. He was past seventy when he died.)LI KUEI-YUAN 107

KENG CHI-SHANDuring my youth, I liked boxing but I was uncouth and hot-tempered. I looked for trouble and made enemies of my boxingcolleagues. My attitude affected my learning. Later, a friend in-troduced me to Liu Ch'i-lan. He told me that Hsing-i will refineyour nature, reform your temperament, and return you to youroriginal self. The strength one feels comes from something ac-quired after birth. Hsing-i takes you back to the stage before birth.After practicing Hsing-i five years, I sensed a thorough change inmyself. I spoke and acted in a better way than before. Five or sixyears after that, I began to learn concealed energy, which felt dif-ferent from obvious energy. It changed my personality greatly. Ithen could get along with anybody and I felt sympathy for others.But I was reluctant to divulge secrets of the boxing I had learned,and I concealed my art. Five or six years later, I learned an energyentirely different from concealed energy, a fusion of obvious andconcealed energy: mysterious energy. Mind and abdomen becameempty. I no longer felt arrogant around nonboxers and I shared theboxing I knew. I was content and knew I had achieved something.Hsing-i transforms one into a man of perfection.(Keng was born in Shen Hsien, Hopei, and was a classmate of LiTs'un-i under Liu Ch'i-lan. He lived quietly but had many students.At sixty-eight he was still very agile in the art. He was overseventy when he died, leaving a son, Keng Hsia-kuang, expertlike his father in both Hsing-i and Pa-kua.)CHOU MING-T'AIWhile learning Hsing-i, make your body lively and elastic, butnever rigid. The boxing classics say that of the sixteen ways tolearn boxing, the worst is rigidly; this is the greatest defect inboxing. To straighten your body does not mean to make it rigid,but to do so in a natural way, entirely relaxed and fully harmonious.All is in balance. From the outside your breathing appears mild and108 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

natural; inside, you have harmony and balance. Do not be proud.Your actions are both substantial and insubstantial and you shouldapply them flexibly. Sometimes you use an insubstantial action todiscern his action; then you can overcome him. When a personwith much kung fu [skill, ability] appears, do not let his bearingupset you. Fix your eyes on his body and watch him. Evade hischallenge, hide your defects, and use your strong points. Althoughyou may not beat him, you will not be defeated. You should feelneither proud and invincible, nor defeated and cowardly. During achallenge, know yourself and know your enemy.(From Jao-yang Hsien, Hopei, Chou was a servant of Liu Ch'i-lan who was later accepted as a student. He became very skilledand, like many other boxers, learned to apply the art as a convoyescort. He died in his late sixties after passing the art to manystudents.)HSU CHAN-AOIn learning Hsing-i, carelessness is the greatest defect. Hsing-iconsists of five forms and twelve styles. Some people think theycan learn the five forms or the twelve styles in a week or ten days.With this attitude, they are bound to fail. They will learn just theskin and hair of Hsing-i, no profundity. A person who has no ambi-tion and has the illusion of learning boxing very fast does not careabout flaws in his actions or about the rules. If he does not stick tothe san-t'i, he can never reach harmony and full balance in his body.In Hsing-i, you must pay attention to san-t'i in order to reach fullharmony. Though you may not feel easy for weeks or months,continue practice indefinitely. Some learn fast, others slowly. Con-stancy, accuracy, carefulness, and concentration are needed onevery point. If you succeed with the san-t'i, the forms and styleswill be easy. You must master one style slowly in order to learnthe others fast. Do not be too anxious to learn quickly.(Hsu came from Ting Hsien, Hopei, from an affluent family.HSU CHAN-AO 109

From an early age he combined the study of classics with boxingfrom teachers hired by his family. He also learned weapons play.In Hsing-i, Hsu was as dexterous as a bird, from which derived hisnickname "Feather-matcher." Most of his skill came from KuoYun-shen. Hsu had many students and was past sixty when hedied.)PAO HSIEN-T'INGPao, an inheritor of the Honan school, wrote a book entitledHsing-i in 1936. Built on a treatise originating at least as early asthe nineteenth century, the book deals with internal boxing. Tothis Pao added a brief chapter on Honan Hsing-i. The original isabstruse and is essentially concerned with showing that internal"shapeless" movement counters visible movement. The spirit andmind control the ch'i, which in turn controls the strength wieldedthrough seven "fists": head, hand, elbow, shoulder, thigh, knee,and foot. Pao summarized the fourteen principles of Hsing-i asfollows:1. Keep the ch'i in your navel.2. Retain some strength on top of your head.3. Depress your chest and spring your back forward.4. Sink your shoulders and elbows.5. Be able to rise and fall rapidly.6. Your sperm is insubstantial but your spirit issubstantial.7. Coordinate your upper and lower parts.8. Integrate yin and yang.9. Blend your internal and external parts.10. Make your action continuous.11. Be calm—calmness controls your action.12. Control your strength with your mind.13. Defense is the best tactic.14. Soft actions are better than hard ones.110 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

SUN LU-T'ANG: THE FINAL WORDSun Lu-t'ang's skill and books did much to spread the internalrationale. In an introduction to Sun's Ch'uan-i Shu Cheng (TheReal Explanation of Boxing, 1929), Wu Hsin-ku stated that"youngsters think boxing is merely a weapon to be displayed withfoolish courage and youthful vigor" and that Sun had written thebook to offset this and to present the true art. I have drawn on thisbook heavily for background on Hsing-i masters. It is only fittingthat this book end with Sun's own words.Tao embodies the universe and is the foundation of the yin andyang. In boxing Tao symbolizes the nei-chia comprising Hsing-i,Pa-kua, and T'ai-chi. The forms of these three are different, butthe principle is the same: everything begins and ends in emptiness.The yuan-ch'i [original ch'i] must be maintained. This force thatkeeps the sky blue and the earth calm also makes for achievementin man. The nei-chia thus conform to the teachings of Confucius,Lao-tze, and Buddhism.I had always heard that boxing is Tao, but I could not reallyunderstand it until I learned secret energy [an ching}. In our train-ing we combined hard and soft tactics and became light, dexterous,and natural. But when we learned mysterious energy [hua ching},we did not tell each other the sensations we felt. But I want to writeof it now. After practicing one form or style, I would stand uprightand calm, collecting my ch'i and i ["mind"]. Then I would feelsomething in my genitals. I felt it every day. From action cameinaction. When I stopped practice I felt everything outside andwithin me was empty. At this time the real yang felt as if it wantedto discharge. If you moved, the yang would discharge. I used theboxing way to curb this: I sank the insubstantial spirit to my naveland at the same time moved the yang upward from my genitals tothe navel. My genitals thus shrank, the sperm moved to my tan-t'ien, and I could feel continuous circulation throughout my body.After four or five hours of being in a near coma I would becomeSUN LU-T'ANG: THE FINAL WORD 111

normal again. In boxing you must breathe anchored to the navel.Chuang Tzu said, "Breathe from the heels." With this channel thecontinuous ch'i goes and the body fire never goes out. But youmust be slow and harmonious in your approach. Keep your armsand legs flexible. Some boxers would do this after one set, othersafter two sets, of practice. But in use it came to the same. Try tolift yang to the navel and concentrate the ch'i there. Use yourspirit to motivate. In circulating the ch'i from the anus up the spineto your neck and head, it is the same as in sedentary meditation.From boxing you can get it, and, later, you can achieve it when youmerely stand or sit. You sleep alertly as though you were awake.In the waking state you are as one asleep. Boxing is difficult atfirst; later it becomes easy. When you sink the ch'i, it will cureeverything. Therefore boxing and Tao are the same. In an emer-gency you do not try to hear or see: you merely avoid automati-cally. Confucius said, "From the greatest sincerity comes thegreatest achievement." I know of only four boxers who were ableto avoid attacks from every quarter without hearing or seeing: LiNeng-jan (Hsing-i), Tung Hai-ch'uan (Pa-kua), and Yang Lu-ch'an and Wu Yu-hsiang (T'ai-chi).112 ADVICE FROM THE MASTERS

