I start businesses and grow them to be successful.
I am always looking for small businesses to start and run.
I love running my money making projects.
I think of short term projects that will earn me money.
I love doing fundraising projects.
I love fund raising.
I have fun starting small businesses.
I learn how to run small businesses better and better.
I build healthy and helpful small businesses.
I run small fundraising projects to fund my goals.
I have fun setting up income streams.
I run my small businesses wisely.
I run my small businesses successfully.
It is fun to run small fundraising projects.
I reinvest in my small businesses to keep them healthy and growing.
I enjoy seeing my fundraising projects succeed.
My businesses allow me to earn money independently.
Running small businesses is a fun hobby for me.
Fundraising is a fun hobby I enjoy.
I love learning how to be better at raising funds.
I love learning how to be better at running my small businesses.
I invest wisely and alway with an eye to the future.
I enjoy the time I spend running my small businesses.
I enjoy the time I spend fundraising.
I love the time I spend running my small businesses.
I love the time I spend fundraising.
I learn from the times I spend running my small businesses.
I learn from the times I spend fundraising.
I share my wealth with others to enrich their lives.
Fundraising is a an enjoyable side hobby for me.
Running my small businesses is a an enjoyable side hobby for me.
I love learning how to run my small businesses better.
I love learning how to raise funds better.
I love planning and implementing small businesses.
I love planning and implementing fundraising projects.
It is fun to see my fundraising projects succeed.
It is fun to see my small businesses succeed.
I am always noticing business and fundraising opportunities.
I plan small businesses that help my community.
I plan small businesses that help my friends and family.
I think of new ideas for businesses almost every day.
I love my customers and partners.
I treat my customers and partners with love, respect, and compassion.
I learn everything I can about making a small business run successfully.
I learn everything I can about running successful fundraising projects.
I set and work towards my goals of running successful small businesses.
I set and work towards my goals of running fundraising projects.
Fundraising is fun for me.
Fundraising is always a great learning experience for me.
I plan my fundrasing projects wisely.
Running small businesses is fun for me.
Running small businesses is always a great learning experience for me.
I plan my small business projects wisely.
I am always seeking knowledge and skills that will improve my fundraising skills.
I am always seeking knowledge and skills that will improve my skills at running small businesses.
I notice fundraising opportunities.
I notice opportunities to start small businesses.
I constantly learn how to fundraise better.
I constantly learn how to run small businesses better.
I think about my fundraising projects and always consider ways to make them more successful.
I think about my small businesses and always consider ways to make them more successful.
I always handle my money mindfully.
I always handle my economics mindfully.
I always handle my customers mindfully.
I always handle my coworkers mindfully.
I always handle my employees mindfully.
I always look for new small businesses I can start and run successfuly.
I always look for new fundraising projects I can start and run successfuly.
I program my mind to notice small businesses I can start and run.
I program my mind to notice fundraising projects I can start and run.
I aim my mind at building streams of income.
I aim my thoughts at building streams of income.
I have lots of strong, positive thoughts about starting and running my small businesses.
I have lots of strong, positive thoughts about starting and running my fundraising projects.
I stay calm and happy as I manage my small businesses.
I stay calm and happy as I manage my fundraising projects.













