I improve my healing skill with each use.
I learn from every experience when I use a healing skill.
I learn from every experience when I use my healing skills.
I learn healing spells.
I learn and master healing spells.
I learn and use healing spells.
I am grateful every time I learn how to use my healing skill better or more powerfully.
I frequently notice and learn from subtle information when I use my healing skills.
I recognize when my healing skills have improved or strengthened.
I have mastered an multiple easy healing spells.
I open my consciousness to learn how to heal.
I open my consciousness to learn all the ways to heal.
I open my mind to learn ways to heal.
I open my mind to learn all the ways to heal.
I open my awareness to learn ways to heal.
I open my awareness to learn all the ways to heal.
I use the healing spells I have mastered to improve the lives of people I meet.
I use the healing spells I have mastered to improve the lives of people.
I know and use a healing spell.
I know and use multiple healing spells.
I know and use an easy healing spell.
I know and use multiple easy healing spells.
I experience myself having mastered a healing spell.
I experience myself having mastered healing spells.
I experience myself having mastered multiple easy healing spells.
I experience myself knowing and using a powerful healing spell.
I experience myself knowing and using an effective healing spell.
At each level of my consciousness I learn how to heal.
At each level of my consciousness I learn how to heal myself.
At each level of my consciousness I learn how to heal others.
In each of my shakras I gain consciousness of how to heal.
In each of my shakras I gain consciousness of how to heal myself and others.
In each of my shakras I increase awareness of how to heal.
In each of my shakras I increase awareness of how to heal myself and others.
In each of my shakras I become more aware of how to heal.
In each of my shakras I become more aware of how to heal myself and others.
With all of my consciousness I learn how to heal.
With all of my consciousness I learn how to heal myself.
With all of my consciousness I learn how to heal others.
Every time I use my healing skills I experience tremendous happiness and love.
I use my healing skills with love.
I feel love when I use my healing spells.
I am happy when I recognize the progress I have made improving my healing skills.
I am happy when I see progress I have made improving my healing skills.
I am happy when I see my healing skills improving.
I am eager to improve my healing skills even more when I see my healing skills improving.
I only use healing spells secretly.
I use healing spells secretly.
I secretly use healing spells.
I use healing spells without alerting others.
I experience myself only using healing spells secretly.
I experience myself using healing spells without alerting others.
With all of my consciousness I learn healing spells.
With each of my consciousnesses I learn healing spells.
With all of my consciousness I learn and master healing spells.
With each of my consciousnesses I learn and master healing spells.
I move to a reality where I have perfectly mastered a healing spell.
I move to a reality where I cast healing spells often.
I am in a reality where I have perfectly mastered a healing spell.
I am in a reality where I cast healing spells often.
It is my reality that I have mastered a healing spell.
It is my reality that I cast healing spells often.
It is reality that I have mastered a healing spell.
It is reality that I cast healing spells often.
It is my reality where I use healing skills often and masterfully.
It is my reality where I use my healing skilla often and masterfully.
