I have fun communicating with peoples unconscious minds.
I enjoy communicating with peoples unconscious minds.
I learn and practice communicating with peoples unconscious minds.
I make observations that allow me to deduce.
I make observations that will allow me to deduce.
cold reading is a real life super power.
cold reading is a real life super power I can have.
cold reading is an illusion spell.
cold reading is an illusion spell I can cast.
I observe and remember social and economic status.
I observe and remember relationships.
I remember and recall useful math and science equations I can use every day.
I remember and recall useful science equations I can use.
I remember and recall useful math equations I can use.
I use many mnemonic techniques to store all the information I receive.
I learn slieght of hand magic tricks and use them in interesting ways.
I learn line of sight magic tricks and use them in interesting ways.
I learn slieght of hand magic tricks and use them in different times and places.
I learn line of sight magic tricks and use them in different times and places.
I have fun learning cold reading and observational magic tricks.
I learn cold reading and observational magic tricks.
I learn cold reading and observational magic tricks and use them in interesting and unexpected ways.
I learn cold reading and observational magic tricks and use them in different times and places.
I learn and use priming techniques.
I use priming techniques when I communicate.
I learn and use hypnotic language techniques.
I use hypnotic language techniques when I communicate.
I read and infer body language.
I communicate with my body language.
I am aware of my body language communication.
I read body language when I am communicating.
I have fun learning and using mentalism skills.
I have fun learning and using my mentalism skills.
I have fun learning and using observation skills.
I have fun learning and using my observation skills.
I have fun practicing my mentalism skills.
I have fun practicing my observation skills.
I am a creative problem solver.
I can achieve success in my own unique way.
I choose to respond, not react
My mind is sharp and aware.
I learn and practice mentalism tricks.
I become more skilled at the mentalism tricks I have learned.
I love learning new mentalism tricks.
I notice my own lines of sight.
I notice other peoples lines of sight.
I sense the vibe and mood of my current location.
I improve my cold reading skills.
I increase my arsenal of cold reading skills.
I notice peoples social and economic status.
I observe peoples social and economic status.
I become better and better at cold reading people.
I continue learning cold reading techniques.
I practice cold reading people whenever possible.
I keep my mentalism skills a secret.
I love improving my cold reading process.
I focus conscious effort into improving my cold reading process.
I observe and remember as much as I can about every person I meet.
I have great memory and recall.
I have precise memory and recall.
I have accurate memory and recall.
I engage with my senses in a way that allows me to memorize and recall with great accuracy.
I engage with my senses in a way that allows me to memorize and recall with great detail.
I recall information quickly.
I store new information efficiently.
I store information so I can recall it easily whenever I may need it later.
I store new facts so I can recall it easily whenever I may need it later.
I study and comprehend fast.
I remember everything I read.
I remember my dreams every day.
I have a fantastic memory. It grows better and better everyday.
My memory is vivid.
I easily remember all I need to.
I have an amazing memory.
I remember everything i see hear or experience
I remember the names of other people easily and effortlessly.
I have a photographic memory
My short term and long term memory perform perfectly at will.
I remember my plans and appointments
I easily remember names.
I have a clear mind.
I remember peoples birthdays.
I remember appointments accurately.
I remember names and faces.
I concentrate easily.
I sharpen my memory.
I improve my memory.
I develop stronger and stronger memory skills.
I remember appointments.
I strengthen my memory.
I increase and improve my focus.
I accurately remember things in high detail.
My memory is excellent.
My mind is clear and focused.
Remembering events in high detail is easy.
Focusing comes naturally to me.
Remembering birthdays is easy.
Recalling information is natural.
I can improve my memory as much as I want.
Any information I need to recall comes effortlessly to mind.
Every day I improve my ability to retain information.
Everything I learn is being stored systematically in my subconscious mind.
I always remember birthdays and find the perfect way to send happy wishes.
I recall all information with ease and clarity.
I recall past details with vivid clarity.
I recall the experiences of my dreams.
I remember all knowledge stored in my subconscious mind.
I am extremely grateful for my brilliant memory.
I create clever acronyms that make remembering easy and fun.
I easily recall my dreams.
I easily recall the images and events of my past.
I easily remember anything that is important to me.
I easily remember names and faces.
I easily remember the information I read.
I easily remember the names of people I meet.
I effortlessly remember facts and details.
I effortlessly remember what I read.
I enjoy exercising my memory.
I find it incredibly easy to remember peoples names.
I have a great memory for details.
I have a great memory for faces.
I have a great memory for facts and figures.
I have a great memory for names.
I have a great memory for locations and contexts.
I have a great memory for numbers.
I have an excellent memory with clear and easy recall.
I have an excellent memory.
I have excellent powers of recall.
I have perfect access to all past experiences and knowledge.
I have total recall of my dreams.
I know that the more I pay attention, the better I remember.
The more I pay attention, the better I remember.
I mentally retain all that I read.
I readily remember people, places, and events from my past.
I recall things with great ease.
I remember all that I learn.
I remember everything that is important to me.
I remember facts easily.
I remember more and more every day.
I remember my dreams in clear detail.
I remember peoples names and use them whenever I am speaking with them.
I remember the things I see.
I remember the things I smell.
I remember the things I taste.
I remember the things I touch.
I remember the things I hear.
I remember the things I sense with my higher senses.
I remember things easily and effortlessly.
I remember to remember, so I never forget.
I remember to write down important information that I will need later.
I remember to write important facts down.
I write down important information that I will need later.
I write important facts down.
I remember what I read very easily.
I retain and recall all that I read.
I retrieve information from memory with ease.
I use all my senses to help me recall information more readily.
I use mnemonic devices to help me remember things with ease.
My ability to recall information improves daily.
My memory improves daily.
My memory is excellent.
My memory is sharp.
My memory serves me very well.
My memory gets better and better every day.
My mind readily retrieves any information I require.
Remembering and using peoples names makes me feel good and others feel great.
The more I exercise my brain, the better my memory becomes.
The more I exercise my memory, the better it gets.
I build memory palaces.
I use the memory palaces I build.
I practice using memory techniques all the time.
I use both basic and complex memory techniques.
I use lots of action when associating things to remember.
I encode information using memory techniques.
I store information using memory techniques.
I retrieve memory information easily because of how I encoded and stored it.
I use acronyms and acrostics to remember some things.
I use rhyming to remember some things.
I use poems to remember some things.
I use songs to remember some things.
I use chunking, that is, grouping things to remember some things.
I use loci to remember some things.
I chain ideas together to remember lists.
I chain ideas together to remember stories.
I chain ideas together to remember sequential information.
I use story telling to remember some things.
I use story telling to remember some lists.
I use story telling to remember some sequential information.
I turn peoples names into pictures and associate those pictures to the person to remember their names.
I create lists of memory pegs.
I use lists of memory pegs.
I create and use lists of memory pegs to remember things.
I love playing with memory tricks.
I love memorizing big and little things.



