the clubs are killers.
the two of clubs is a Shoggoth, the two of clubs is a shoggoth splitting in two clubs, each with two eyes.
the three of clubs is Themburshouwd, the three of clubs is Themburshouwd as fat as three dragons blowing three sparks shaped like clubs.
the four of clubs is Bowser, the four of clubs is throwing hammers that look like fours and also look like clubs.
the five of clubs is the Zenomorph, the five of clubs is the Zenomorph with a club tail jumping across the five clubs on the card.
the six of clubs is Kuhthooloo, the six of clubs is Kuhthooloo wiggling six face tentacles shaped like clubs.
the seven of clubs is Jack of the Lantern, the seven of clubs is Jack of the Lantern with eyes, nose and mouth made of seven clubs.
the eight of clubs is Jeff the Killer, the eight of clubs turns sideways becoming the eyes of Jeff the Killer, Jeff the Killer's eyes each have four clubs in them.
the nine of clubs is Jabba the Hutt, the nine of clubs is Jabba the Hutt with nine dots in a grid on his belly and a club on his chest or forehead.
the ten of clubs is Gozer the Gozeereean, Gozer the Gozeereean holds a club up and a zero down as coagula and dissolve.
the jack of clubs is Demo-gore-gone, the jack of clubs is Demo-gore-gone holding a jay shaped club in one tentacle and two clubs in an eleven in the other tentacle.
the queen of clubs is Asmodayus, the queen of clubs is Asmodayus devouring a queen wearing a crown of clubs.
the king of clubs is Gamoora, the king of clubs turns into Gamoora showing his crown and club shaped shell, both covered with clubs.
the ace of clubs is the Grinch, the ace of clubs club looks like the Grinch and the A looks like the Grinch's pointy hat.

the hearts are heroes.
the two of hearts is Wonder Woman, the two of hearts looks like Wonder Woman's bodice with two wonder boobs in them.
the three of hearts is Doctor Strange, the three of hearts is Doctor Strange with three hands with harts in the palms.
the four of hearts is David who slew Goliath, the four of hearts is David slinging four heart shaped stones to kill the giant.
the five of hearts is Superman, Superman's ess looks like a five and the five pulses over his heart.
the six of hearts is Indiana Jones, the six of hearts looks like Indiana Jones whip over his head as he yanks a large heart towards him with the six whip.
the seven of hearts is Clarice Starling, the seven of hearts is Clarice Starling with heart eyes shooting seven heartshaped holes into the chest of seven serial killers.
the eight of hearts is Obee one Kenobi, the eight of hearts is Obee one Kenobi making figure eights with his blue lightsaber to deflect red heart projectiles flying at him.
the nine of hearts is Tarzan, the nine of hearts is Tarzan swinging under a branch on a vine that looks like a nine and landing on a big heart, and tarzan has a big heart.
the ten of hearts is Moses, the ten of hearts looks like moses holding the ten commandments.
the jack of hearts is Mad Max, heart Jacks is Mad Max, jack of hearts is Mad Max being hung by a jay and his heart is beating rapidly.
the queen of hearts is Batman, the queen of batmans heart is dead, the queen of hearts is Batman seeing his mother dying, her crown falling, and his heart breaking.
the king of hearts is Jesus, the king of hearts is Jesus wearing a thorn crown showing his heart.
the ace of hearts is Mary, the ace of hearts is the doubled A's forming an em over the heart of god.

the spades are special friends.
the two of spades is Noah, the two of spades is Noah using a spade to guide two of each animal onto the boat.
the three of spades is Cerberus, the three of spades is Cerberus with spades on each head, each head howling.
the four of spades is ET, the four of spades is ET holding up his four fingers with spades at the tips, each lighting up.
the five of spades is Bigfoot, the five of spades is Bigfoot giving a high five with a spade in his other hand.
the six of spades is Fallkor, the six of spades looks like Fallkor's face and you remember him with six legs, each with a spade for a foot.
the seven of spades is Geruda, the seven of spades looks like Geruda the Eagle's profile, Geruda's profile has golden feathers and glowing spade eyes.
the eight of spades is Arachne, the eight of spades is Arachne dancing on her web with a spade and the end of each of her eight legs.
the nine of spades is Gandalf, the nine of spades is Gandalf being chased by the nine ring wraiths holding spades as weapons.
the ten of spades is Toath, Toath uses a spade to dig a space between the one and the zero in ten and builds a sandcastle library there.
the queen of spades is Hercules, the queen of spades gives hercules a spade and a list of twelve tasks.
the king of spades is Robin Hood, the king of spades pulls the hood over his crown and fires a spade arrow.
the ace of spades is tron, the ace of spades is tron in a spade light cycle spelling the letter A.

the diamonds are dastardly.
the two of diamonds is Two Face, the two of diamonds is Two Faced Harvey Dent with one side of his face covered in diamonds.
the three of diamonds is Harley Quinn, the three of diamonds is the three red diamonds on Harley Quinn's harlequin outfit.
the four of diamonds is Robby Rotten, the four of diamonds is Robby Rotten looking around confused with four diamond stripes down his outfit.
the five of diamonds is Freddy Kruger, the five of diamonds is Freddy Kruger swiping with his five bladed glove where the blades are long red diamonds.
the six of diamonds is Yosemite Sam, the six of diamonds is Yosemite Sam shooting six diamonds out of his diamond covered six shooter revolver.
the seven of diamonds is Roy gee Biv, the seven of diamonds is Roy gee Biv spelling out the seven letters of his name in colored diamonds.
the eight of diamonds is Ronald Reagan, the eight of diamonds is Ronald Reagan with infinite diamonds flowing out of his figure eight eyes.
the nine of diamonds is Rick Sanchez, the nine of diamonds is Rick Sanchez shooting a grid of nine blast shots and the blasts look like red crystals or diamonds.
the ten of diamonds is Leatherface, the ten of diamonds is Leatherface using a chainsaw to cut the digits of ten in half but his chainsaw kicks back when it hits a diamond.
the jack of diamonds is the Joker, the jack of diamonds is the Joker snarling with diamond face paint and a giant J on his shirt.
the queen of diamonds is Lucifer, the queen of diamonds is Lucifer dressed as a Queen holding a diamond sceptre saying, "I'm the queen, baby, Worship me".
the king of diamonds is Lex Luthor, the king of diamonds is Lex Luthor putting a kryptonite diamond crown on his head, smiling an evil smile.
the ace of diamonds is Darth Vader, the ace of diamonds is Darth Vader cutting a diamond out of a door with his red lightsaber.

think of the meadow of clubs.
The Grinch rolls into a meadow of clovers.
The Grinch turns into a Shoggoth.
the Shoggoth digs a hole and Themburshouwd comes out breathing sparks.
Bowser jumps on the head of Themburshouwd, stomping him back into the ground.
Bowser opens a chest pocket and the Zenomorph jumps out biting Bowser on the face.
the Zenomorph summons Kuhthooloo who is gigantic and smells fishy.
Kuhthooloo grows a pumpkin patch and carves Jack of the Lantern out of a pumpkin.
Jack of the Lantern dances down from Kuhthooloos hand and starts dancing a waltz with Jeff the Killer.
Jeff the Killer tries to stab Jabba the Hutt but gets pulled into his fat rolls.
Jabba the Hutt opens his mouth until his head is tilted back completely, Gozer the Gozeereean steps out of Jabbas mouth.
Gozer the Gozeereean summons Demo-gore-gone to one of her sides.
Demo-gore-gone summons Asmodayus to the other side of Gozer the Gozeereean.
Asmodayus gets tomped on and crushed by Gamoora.
Gamoora hands a giant club to the Grinch, who rolls into a meadow of clovers.

think of the river of hearts.
Mary opens her heart pouring love into the river she sits beside.
Wonder Woman drinks the water from the river and glows with the power of love.
Doctor Strange moves Wonder Woman behind him, protecting her with his magic shields.
David who slew Goliath, flings stones at Doctor Strange.
Superman flies in and picks up the hearts david flung.
Superman turns the hearts into a whip and throws it down to Indiana Jones.
Indiana Jones swings across a chasm landing awkwardly on Clarice Starling.
Clarice Starling draws her gun but Obee one Kenobi jumps in front of her, defending her.
Obee one Kenobi rips off his clothes becoming Tarzan, Tarzan then runs along a tree branch.
Tarzan slips and falls onto Moses holding the ten commandments.
Moses yells to Mad Max to go hide in the desert.
As Mad Max drives away Batman lands on the hood.
Batman hangs a mini Jesus on the rear view mirror.
Jesus calls for his mom, Mary.
Mary yanks jesus out of the car to the edge of a river of hearts.
Mary opens her heart pouring love into the river she sits beside.

think of the volcano of spades.
tron runs up the side of the volcano of spades and throws in noahs ark.
noah runs around on his burning ark in the caldera of the volcano of spades.
cerberus grabs noah and drags him to safety at the rim of the volcano.
ET lands a spaceship on the lip and noah and cerberus get in his vehicle.
ET pushes the wrong button and the spaceship slides down the volcano into bigfoots log cabin.
bigfoot helps everyone out of the vehicle and grabs you and puts on the back of fallkor the furry dog dragon.
fallkor the furry dog dragon flips over and drops you onto the back of Geruda.
Geruda gets caught in a giant spiderweb and arachne comes out to free you both.
as arachne walks you to the edge of her web, Gandalf is waiting for you and you cartwheel with him to the library.
at the library Toath opens the door and invites you both in.
as you walk in, hercules slams the doors shut behind you, loudly.
Robin hood the pulls off his hood and says glad you are here.
Robin hood pulls tron out of his quiver then he hands a giant ark to tron.
tron runs up the side of a volcano and throws in noahs ark.

think of the mine of diamonds.
darth vader cuts a diamond hole in the door of the diamond mine. 
darth vader force pulls you into the diamond mine to shake hands with harvey two face dent.
harvey dent spins you into a mine cart with harley quinn.
harley quinn hits robby rotten with her hammer causing him to slide forward.
robby rotten slides into the feet of freddy krueger, tripping him into the mine cart knocking out harley.
freddy krueger slices a rail guide so you can avoid yosemite sams bullets being fired at you.
as the bullets come towards you, roy gee biv blocks them with a rainbow as he yanks you out of the mine cart.
roy gee biv throws you into ronald reagan who was giving a speech.
as you and ronald reagan stand up, you hear leather faces chainsaw getting louder and closer.
as you run from leather face, you hear and smell him getting closer, the Joker whispers over here, and beckons you into a mine elevator to escape.
at the bottom of the shaft, the joker opens the door and before you is lucifer offering a drink.
Lex luthor steps in front of lucifer showing you some red kryptonite.
darth vader uses the force to compress the kryptonite into a lightsaber crystal and puts it in his pocket.
darth vader cuts a diamond hole in the door and force throws you through it.

The Aces are The Grinch, Mary, Tron, then Darth Vader, and returns to The Grinch.
The Aces story is A giant A grows out of the ground with the Grinch on it, the grinch slides down the A and tips it over onto mary, mary gets squished into a light cycle with tron, and tron crashes the cycle into Darth Vader, then Darth Vader throws his lightsaber to the Grinch.
The Twos are Shoggoth, Wonder Woman, Noah, then Two-Face, and back to the Shoggoth.
The story of the Twos is a giant roman numeral two standing in a valley when a Shoggoth emerges from under and swallows it whole, the shoggoth lashes out a whip grabbing Wonder Woman, wonder woman cuts herself loose landing on Noah, and they climb aboard his ark, Two-Face greets them both with a cup of two shoggoths.
the Threes are Themburshouwd, Doctor Strange, Cerberus, then Harley Quinn, and returns to Themburshouwd.
the story of the Threes is a giant triangle on a tree is destroyed by Themburshouwd, Themburshouwd pukes up Doctor Strange who whistles for Cerberus witha magical triangle whistle, as Cerberus runs to his side his chain drags Harley Quinn by the leg, Harley Quinn frees herself only to look up and see Themburshouwd running down a pyramid towards her.
The Fours are Bowser, David who slayed Goliath, ET, then Robby Rotten, and arrives back at Bowser.
The Fours story is Bowser throws four-pointed hammers at David who slayed Goliath, David gives the hammers to ET who touches them and they start glowing, ET levitates the hammers under the feet of Robby Rotten who clumsily trips on them, then Robby Rotten is lifted up by Bowser who is grabbing the four-pointed hammers under him.
The Fives are the Zenomorph, Superman, Bigfoot, then Freddy Kruegar, and returns to the Zenomorph.
The story of the Fives is the Zenomorph crawls out of a pentagram in a hallway, Superman kicks the zenomorph back through the pentagram into Bigfoot, Bigfoot is the slashed from behind by Freddy Kruegar, then Freddy Kruegars chest bursts open and the Zenomorph crawls out of a pentagram there.
The sixes are Kuhthooloo, Indiana Jones, Fallkor, then Yosemite Sam, and returns to Kuhthooloo.
The sixes story is Kuhthooloo rises from the ocean six tentacles first with a juden patch sewn onto his chest, Indiana Jones wraps his whip around one of Kuhthooloos tentacles swinging onto the back of Fallkor, then Fallkor flies down to sniff the butt of Yosemite Sam, Yosemite Sam says now listen here Jew, to Kuhthooloo who says oy!.
The sevens are Jack of the Lantern, Clarice Starling, Geruda, then Roy gee Biv, and returns to Jack of the Lantern.
The story of the sevens is Jack of the Lantern holding an el for lantern, Jack of the Lantern turns the el over to make a seven, Jack of the Lantern bonks Clarice Starling on the head with the seven, Clarice Starling runs backward shooting the seven out of his hands, Geruda swoops in and grabs Clarice Starling, Geruda flies through a rainbow coming from the eyes of Roy gee Biv, the rainbow lands on a pumpkin and Jack of the Lantern emerges and bends his body into a seven.
The eights are Jeff the Killer, Obee one Kenobi, Arachne, then Ronald Reagan, and returns to Jeff the Killer.
The the story of the eights is Jeff the Killer skating a figure eight in a skating rink, Obee one Kenobi comes out on skates but his lightsaber melts the ice, the water drains out of the rink onto Arachnes web, Arachne twists her whole web into an infinity sign and throws it across the eyes of Ronald Reagan, Ronald Reagan pulls off the web mak revealing he is actually Jeff the Killer.
The nines are Jabba the Hutt, Tarzan, Gandalf, then Rick Sanchez, and returns to Jabba the Hutt.
The story of nines is Jabba the Hutt is playing tic tac toe with Tarzan, Tarzan loses and hollars loudly sending out sound waves that knock Gandalf over, as Gandalf Stands up his staff which is a nine iron accidentally summons Rick Sanchez who is dressed to the nines, Rick Sanchez says not cool bro and opens a portal to Jabba the Huttss desert cruiser and hops through onto a dance dance revolution pad.
The tens are Gozer the Gozeereean, Moses, Toath, then Leatherface, and returns to Gozer the Gozeereean.
The tens story is Gozer the Gozeereean waves all her fingers summoning Moses, Moses hands the ten commandments to Toath, Toath unfurls a scroll which unrolls fully into Leatherface, Toath immediately starts transcribing the ten commandments onto the mask of Leatherface, Leatherface chansaws a ten into the chest of Toath, Gozer the Gozeereean steps of the holes waiving her ten fingers.
The jacks are Demo-gore-gone, Mad Max, Nessie, then the Joker, and returns to Demo-gore-gone.
The story of the jacks is Demo-gore-gone is snorting two lines of cocaine that look like an eleven, the lines turn into the centerlines of a road that Mad Max is driving on, Mad Max drives off a ramp shaped like an eleven, and the car bonks Nessie on the head, the Joker hops side-saddle on the back of Nessie and giggles, the Joker pulls out his phone and calls Demo-gore-gone saying hey jack its mister jay, got any coke.
The queens are Asmodayus, Batman, Hercules, then Lucifer, and returns to Asmodayus.
The story of the queens is Asmodayus is cross-dressing at a party acting sassy, Batman breaks through the ceiling landing on Asmodayuses head, batman wears a queen shirt, Batman drives with Hercules to dairy queen, at dairy queen Hercules flirts with Lucifer and they begin dancing together in womens clothes, Lucifer calls out gayly oh ozzie darling come and dance with us, and Lucifer and Asmodayus begin dancing to dancing queen.
The kings are Gamoora, Jesus, Robin Hood, then Lex Luthor, and returns to Gamoora.
The story of the kings is Gamoora tries to stomp on Jesuses thorny crown, Jesus trips Gamoora and causes a forest to grow over Gamooras body, Robin Hood runs into the forrest holding the kings stolen crown, Robin Hood is chased by Lex Luthor, Lex Luthor hops on a checker square and says king me Gamoora, Gamoora sits up and shakes the forest off him yawning.
The Aces are The Grinch, Mary, Tron, then Darth Vader, and returns to The Grinch.
The Aces story is A giant A grows out of the ground with the Grinch on it, the grinch slides down the A and tips it over onto mary, mary gets squished into a light cycle with tron, and tron crashes the cycle into Darth Vader, then Darth Vader throws his lightsaber to the Grinch.


the Shoggoth is the two of clubs. 
Themburshouwd is the three of clubs. 
Bowser is the four of clubs.
the Zenomorph is the five of clubs.
Kuhthooloo is the six of clubs.
Jack of the Lantern is the seven of clubs.
Jeff the Killer is the eight of clubs.
Jabba the Hutt is the nine of clubs.
Gozer the Gozeereean is the ten of clubs.
Demo-gore-gone is the jack of clubs.
Asmodayus is the queen of clubs.
Gamoora is the king of clubs.
the Grinch is the ace of clubs.

Wonder Woman is the two of hearts.
Doctor Strange is the three of hearts.
David who slew Goliath is the four of hearts.
Superman is the five of hearts.
Indiana Jones is the six of hearts.
Clarice Starling is the seven of hearts.
Obee one Kenobi is the eight of hearts.
Tarzan is the nine of hearts.
Moses is the ten of hearts.
Mad Max is the jack of hearts.
Batman is the queen of hearts.
Jesus is the king of hearts.
Mary is the ace of hearts.

Noah is the two of spades.
Cerberus is the three of spades.
ET is the four of spades.
Bigfoot is the five of spades.
Fallkor is the six of spades.
Geruda is the seven of spades.
Arachne is the eight of spades.
Gandalf is the nine of spades.
Toath is the ten of spades.
Hercules is the queen of spades.
Robin Hood is the king of spades.
tron is the ace of spades.

Two Face is the two of diamonds.
Harley Quinn is the three of diamonds.
Robby Rotten is the four of diamonds.
Freddy Kruger is the five of diamonds.
Yosemite Sam is the six of diamonds.
Roy gee Biv is the seven of diamonds.
Ronald Reagan is the eight of diamonds.
Rick Sanchez is the nine of diamonds.
Leatherface is the ten of diamonds.
the Joker is the jack of diamonds.
Lucifer is the queen of diamonds.
Lex Luthor is the king of diamonds.
Darth Vader is the ace of diamonds.

Clubs are killers.
Hearts are heroes.
Spades are special friends.
Diamonds are dastardly.