I observe and remember social and economic status.
I observe and remember relationships.
I remember and recall useful math and science equations I can use every day.
I remember and recall useful science equations I can use.
I remember and recall useful math equations I can use.
I use many mnemonic techniques to store all the information I receive.
My mind is sharp and aware.
I observe and remember as much as I can about every person I meet.
I have great memory and recall.
I have precise memory and recall.
I have accurate memory and recall.
I engage with my senses in a way that allows me to memorize and recall with great accuracy.
I engage with my senses in a way that allows me to memorize and recall with great detail.
I recall information quickly.
I store new information efficiently.
I store information so I can recall it easily whenever I may need it later.
I store new facts so I can recall it easily whenever I may need it later.
I study and comprehend fast.
I remember everything I reed.
I remember my dreams every day.
I have a fantastic memory. It grows better and better everyday.
My memory is vivid.
I easily remember all I need to.
I have an amazing memory.
I remember everything i see hear or experience
I remember the names of other people easily and effortlessly.
I have a photographic memory
My short term and long term memory perform perfectly at will.
I remember my plans and appointments
I easily remember names.
I have a clear mind.
I remember peoples birthdays.
I remember appointments accurately.
I remember names and faces.
I concentrate easily.
I sharpen my memory.
I improve my memory.
I develop stronger and stronger memory skills.
I love to develop stronger and stronger memory skills.
I love it when I remember appointments.
I am pleased when I notice that I strengthened my memory.
I naturally increase and improve my focus.
I accurately remember things in high detail.
My memory is excellent.
My mind is clear and focused.
Remembering events in high detail is easy.
Focusing comes naturally to me.
Remembering birthdays is easy.
Recalling information is natural.
I can improve my memory as much as I want.
Any information I need to recall comes effortlessly to mind.
Every day I improve my ability to retain information.
Everything I learn is being stored systematically in my subconscious mind.
I always remember birthdays and find the perfect way to send happy wishes.
I recall all information with ease and clarity.
I recall past details with vivid clarity.
I recall the experiences of my dreams.
I remember all knowledge stored in my subconscious mind.
I am extremely grateful for my brilliant memory.
I create clever acronyms that make remembering easy and fun.
I easily recall my dreams.
I easily recall the images and events of my past.
I easily remember anything that is important to me.
I easily remember names and faces.
I easily remember the information I reed.
I easily remember the names of people I meet.
I effortlessly remember facts and details.
I effortlessly remember what I reed.
I enjoy exercising my memory.
I find it incredibly easy to remember peoples names.
I have a great memory for details.
I have a great memory for faces.
I have a great memory for facts and figures.
I have a great memory for names.
I have a great memory for locations and contexts.
I have a great memory for numbers.
I love that I have a great memory for details.
I love that I have a great memory for faces.
I love that I have a great memory for facts and figures.
I love that I have a great memory for names.
I love that I have a great memory for locations and contexts.
I love that I have a great memory for numbers.
I have an excellent memory with clear and easy recall.
I love that I have an excellent memory.
I have excellent powers of recall.
I have perfect access to all past experiences and knowledge.
I have total recall of my dreams.
I know that the more I pay attention, the better I remember.
The more I pay attention, the better I remember.
I mentally retain all that I reed.
I readily remember people, places, and events from my past.
I recall things with great ease.
I remember all that I learn.
I remember everything thats is important to me.
I remember facts easily.
I remember more and more every day.
I remember my dreams in clear detail.
I remember peoples names and use them whenever I am speaking with them.
I remember the things I see.
I remember the things I smell.
I remember the things I taste.
I remember the things I touch.
I remember the things I hear.
I remember the things I sense with my higher senses.
I remember things easily and effortlessly.
I remember to remember, so I never forget.
I remember to write down important information that I will need later.
I remember to write important facts down.
I write down important information that I will need later.
I write important facts down.
I remember what I reed very easily.
I retain and recall all that I reed.
I retrieve information from memory with ease.
I use all my senses to help me recall information more readily.
I use mnemonic devices to help me remember things with ease.
My ability to recall information improves daily.
My memory improves daily.
My memory improves weekly.
My memory improves monthly.
My memory improves yearly.
My memory is excellent.
My memory is sharp.
My memory serves me very well.
My memory gets better and better every day.
My mind readily retrieves any information I require.
Remembering and using peoples names makes me feel good and others feel great.
The more I exercise my brain, the better my memory becomes.
The more I exercise my memory, the better it gets.
I love to build memory palaces.
I love to use the memory palaces I build.
I love to practice using memory techniques all the time.
I love to use both basic and complex memory techniques.
I love to use lots of action when associating things to remember.
I love to encode information using memory techniques.
I love to store information using memory techniques.
I love to retrieve memory information easily because of how I encoded and stored it.
I love to use acronyms and acrostics to remember some things.
I love to use rhyming to remember some things.
I love to use poems to remember some things.
I love to use songs to remember some things.
I love to use chunking, that is, grouping things to remember some things.
I love to use loci to remember some things.
I chain ideas together to remember lists.
I chain ideas together to remember stories.
I chain ideas together to remember sequential information.
I use story telling to remember some things.
I use story telling to remember some lists.
I use story telling to remember some sequential information.
I turn peoples names into pictures and associate those pictures to the person to remember their names.
I create lists of memory pegs.
I use lists of memory pegs.
I create and use lists of memory pegs to remember things.
I love playing with memory tricks.
I love memorizing big and little things.
I chain ideas together using vivid action.
I chain ideas together using all my senses.
I chain ideas together using vivid action when I add items to a memory chain or peg.
I practice chaining ideas together using vivid action.
I practice chaining ideas together using dramatic action.
I practice chaining ideas together using all my senses.
I practice building memory palaces and memory peg lists.
I love building memory palaces and memory peg lists.
I have fun building memory palaces and memory peg lists.
I enjoy building memory palaces and memory peg lists.
I love using memory palaces and memory peg lists.
I have fun using memory palaces and memory peg lists.
I enjoy building memory palaces and memory peg lists.
I enjoy using memory palaces and memory peg lists.
I love practicing remembering and recalling dates and events.
I love practicing remembering and recalling peoples names and details.
I love practicing remembering and recalling important facts relating to what Im doing.
I love practicing my basic memory techniques like chaining and simple associations.
I love practicing my more advanced memory techniques like memory palaces and peg lists.


