The seven deadly sins are Lust, Gluttony, Greed, Sloth, Wrath, Envy, Pride.
Lust.
Gluttony.
Greed.
Sloth.
Wrath.
Envy.
Pride.
Lust or lechery is intense longing.
Lust is usually thought of as intense or unbridled sexual desire, which may lead to fornication including adultery, rape, bestiality, and other sinful and sexual acts.
Oftentimes, lust can also mean other forms of unbridled desire, such as for money, or power.
Gluttony is the overindulgence and overconsumption of anything to the point of waste.
The Latin word glooteereh means to gulp down or swallow.
One reason for lusts condemnation is that the gorging of the prosperous may leave the needy hungry.
Greed is Avarice.
Greed plunges a man deep into the mire of this world, so that he makes it to be his god.
Greed is an inordinate desire to acquire or possess more than one needs, especially with respect to material wealth.
Sloth It may be defined as absence of interest or habitual disinclination to exertion.
Saint Thomas Aquinas defined sloth as sorrow about spiritual good.
Wrath can be defined as uncontrolled feelings of anger, rage, and even hatred.
Wrath often reveals itself in the wish to seek vengeance.
Envy is characterized by an insatiable desire like greed and lust.
Envy can be described as a sad or resentful covetousness towards the traits or possessions of someone else.
Envy comes from vainglory and severs a man from his neighbor.
Pride, also known as hubris or futility, is considered the original and worst of the seven deadly sins on almost every list, the most demonic.
Pride is also thought to be the source of the other capital sins.
Pride is the opposite of humility.
CS Lewis wrote that pride is the anti-God state, the position in which the ego and the self are directly opposed to God.
Unchastity, anger, greed, drunkenness and all that, are mere fleabites compared to Pride.
CS Lewis wrote that it was through Pride that Lucifer became wicked.
Pride leads to every other vice.
The virtue that counters Lust is Chastity.
the virtue that counters Gluttony is Temperance.
The virtue that counters Greed is Charity.
The virtue that counters Sloth is Diligence.
The virtue that counters Wrath is Patience.
The virtue that counters Envy is Kindness.
The virtue that counters Pride is Humility.
Meet Lust with Chastity.
Meet Gluttony with Temperance.
Meet Greed with Charity.
Meet Sloth with Diligence.
Meet Wrath with Patience.
Meet Envy with Kindness.
Meet Pride with Humility.
Subdue Lust with Chastity.
Subdue Gluttony with Temperance.
Subdue Greed with Charity.
Subdue Sloth with Diligence.
Subdue Wrath with Patience.
Subdue Envy with Kindness.
Subdue Pride with Humility.