power is watts.
voltage is volts.
resistance is ohms.
current is amps.

power is watts, power is doctor watson.
voltage is volts, voltage is misses hudson.
resistance is ohms, resistance is sherlock holmes.
current is amps, current is Irene Adler.

power is watts, power is P.
voltage is volts, voltage is V.
resistance is ohms, resistance is R.
current is amps, current is I.

power is watts, power is P, power is doctor watson.
voltage is volts, voltage is V, voltage is misses hudson.
resistance is ohms, resistance is R, resistance is sherlock holmes.
current is amps, current is I, current is Irene Adler.

the unit of power is a watt, power is watts, power is P, power is doctor watson.
the unit of voltage is a volt, voltage is volts, voltage is V, voltage is misses hudson.
the unit of resistance is an ohm, resistance is ohms, resistance is R, resistance is sherlock holmes.
the unit of current is an amp, current is amps, current is I, current is Irene Adler.

black resistor bands are zero, black resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of zero, black resistor bands are a multiplier of one.
brown resistor bands are one, brown resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of one, brown resistor bands are a multiplier of ten.
red resistor bands are two, red resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of two, red resistor bands are a multiplier of one hundred.
orange resistor bands are three, orange resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of three, orange resistor bands are a multiplier of one thousand.
yellow resistor bands are four, yellow resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of four, yellow resistor bands are a multiplier of ten thousand.
green resistor bands are five,, red resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of five, red resistor bands are a multiplier of one hundred thousand.
blue resistor bands are six, blue resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of six, blue resistor bands are a multiplier of one million.
violet resistor bands are seven, violet resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of seven, violet resistor bands are a multiplier of ten million.
grey resistor bands are eight, grey resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of eight, grey resistor bands are a multiplier of one hundred million.
white resistor bands are nine, white resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of nine, white resistor bands are a multiplier of one billion.
gold resistor bands are nine, gold resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of negative one, gold resistor bands are a multiplier of point one.
silver resistor bands are nine, silver resistor bands are a multiplier of ten to the power of negative two, silver resistor bands are a multiplier of point zero one.

sherlock holmes has brown shoes over his toes.
sherlock holmes wears red knee pads over his knees.
sherlock holmes wears orange greaves over his thigh muscle.
sherlock holmes has a bright yellow butt pad on his rear.
sherlock holmes wears a green belt around his love handles.
sherlock holmes has blue shoulder pads on his shoulders.
sherlock holmes wears a violet necklace on his cuff.
sherlock holmes has a grey clown nose on his face.
sherlock holmes has a white top hat on his point.
sherlock holmes stands under a black ceiling.

sherlock holmes has brown shoes over his toes, one is sherlocks brown shoes.
sherlock holmes wears red knee pads over his knees, two is sherlocks red knee pads.
sherlock holmes wears orange greaves over his thigh muscle, three is sherlocks orange greaves.
sherlock holmes has a bright yellow butt pad on his rear, four is sherlocks bright yellow butt pad.
sherlock holmes wears a green belt around his love handles, five is sherlocks green belt.
sherlock holmes has blue shoulder pads on his shoulders, six is sherlocks blue shoulder pads.
sherlock holmes wears a violet necklace on his cuff, seven is sherlocks violet necklace.
sherlock holmes has a grey clown nose on his face, eight is sherlocks grey clown nose.
sherlock holmes has a white top hat on his point, nine is sherlocks white top hat.
sherlock holmes stands under a black ceiling, zero is the black ceiling over sherlock.

