I am more than my physical body.
Because I am more than physical matter, I can perceive that which is greater than the physical world.
Therefore, I deeply desire: to expand, to experience, to know, to understand, to control, and to use such greater energies and energy systems as may be beneficial and constructive to me and to those who follow me.
Also, I deeply desire the help and cooperation, the assistance, and the understanding of those individuals whose wisdom, development and experience are equal to or greater than my own.
I ask for their guidance and protection from any influence or any source that might provide me with less than my stated desires.
I am relaxed and at peace.
I sense and am connected to my astral body.
My mind is calm and aware.
I let go of expectation when I remote view.
I let go of expectation before I remote view.
I let go of expectation after I remote view.
I only view the thing I remote view, I do not have any expectations as I remote view.
I only view the thing I remote view, I do not have any expectations before I remote view.
I only view the thing I remote view, I do not have any expectations when I remote view.
I remote view without expectation.
My entire being is at peace.
My awareness is expanded and open.
I sense and access my astral body easily.
I am developing a peaceful state of mind.
I remember my out of body experiences.
I astrally project regularly.
I enjoy having out of body experiences.
I am naturally relaxed and at peace.
Astral projection comes naturally for me.
Leaving my body is easy.
Astral travel is just a normal part of my life.
I leave my physical body every night.
I am in a state of total peace.
My awareness is constantly expanding.
I am a lucid dreamer.
I am fully aware of when I am dreaming.
I wake up within my dream.
I am in full control of my dreams.
My dream memory is perfect.
My dream consciousness is strong.
I am lucid when dreaming.
I am awake inside my dreams.
I remember my dreams in high detail.
I realize that I am dreaming.
I wake up within my dreams.
Recognizing when I am dreaming is becoming effortless.
I remember my dreams every day.
I am a lucid dreamer.
Controlling my dreams is easy.
My dream awareness is growing.
I control my dreams.
I someone who lucid dreams each and every night.
I recognize when I am dreaming.
I love lucid dreaming.
My dreams are lucid.
Lucid dreaming comes naturally to me.
I easily notice when I am dreaming.
Lucid dreaming is a normal part of my life.
Remembering my dreams is easy.
I control my dreams at will.
I awaken within dreams whenever I want.
My mind is focused on lucid dreaming.
My mind is alert even when I am asleep.
I remote view information accurately.
My remote viewing ability is strong.
I remote view places and people.
My mind is open to all information.
My mind is clear and focused.
I remember all the details of a remote viewing session.
I am receptive to new information.
My senses are finely tuned.
I am dedicated to mastering remote viewing.
I concentrate extremely well.
I develop my remote viewing ability.
I remote view people, places, and information.
Remote viewing becomes easier.
My mind becomes highly focused.
My awareness constantly expands.
My remote viewing becomes more and more accurate.
I clear my mind.
I am developing highly efficient remote viewing abilities.
I can remote view any target.
I am developing a highly focused mind.
Remote viewing comes naturally to me.
I can remote view whatever I focus my mind on.
Remote viewing is a normal part of my life.
Deep concentration is easy for me.
My mind is naturally focused and sharp.
I can pick up on distant information with my mind.
Staying focused and disciplined comes easy to me.
Remote viewing is enjoyable.
I can easily get my mind into the perfect state for remote viewing.
I can remote view anything I want.
I am attuned to other people's energy.
I see emotional energy.
My extrasensory perceptions are strong.
I see auras around people.
I sense subtle forces and energies.
My mind is open and aware.
I see other people's moods in the form of auras.
My mind is tuned in to other people's thoughts and emotions.
I sense energy everywhere I go.
My awareness is completely open.
I sense the energy of other people.
I see auras around people.
Viewing auras becomes easier.
I possess a natural ability to see auras.
I pick up on other people's energy.
I am becoming more tuned in to other people.
My extrasensory perceptions are strengthening.
I find it easier to sense subtle energies.
I see more and more auras.
My mind is opening up to universal forces.
Viewing auras comes naturally to me	.
I can see peoples auras.
I can easily sense energy.
Seeing auras is easy.
I am naturally tuned in to other peoples thoughts and feelings.
Tuning into the energy of others is something I just do naturally.
Seeing auras is a normal part of my life.
I enjoy reading people's energy.
I have strong extrasensory perceptions.
I can expand my energy awareness infinitely.
I am telepathic	.
My psychic powers are active.
I feel other peoples emotions.
I sense what others are thinking.
My mind is focused and relaxed.
My awareness is fully expanded.
I am aligned to the universal consciousness.
I am connected to the universal consciousness.
I perceive subtle forces and energies.
I am telepathically attuned to others.
I reed people's energies.
I open my mind.
My thoughts are becoming highly focused and serenely calm.
My telepathic powers are growing.
I am finding myself naturally tuned in to others thoughts.
Each day I am becoming more telepathic.
My third eye is opening.
My third eye opens.
My third eye is open.
I am developing more psychic senses.
My awareness is expanding beyond my own self.
Telepathy comes naturally to me	.
Telepathy is real.
I develop my telepathic powers.
I believe in my telepathic abilities.
I feel other peoples moods.
Tapping into unseen forces is easy for me.
My sixth sense is finely tuned.
I have a highly developed intuition.
Telepathic powers are a normal part of my life.
My mind is totally open to universal energy.
I am psychic	.
My mind is receptive to subtle energies.
I am tuned in to cosmic forces.
I am aligned with nature.
I am highly receptive to psychic information.
My psychic powers are strong.
My psychic powers are fast.
My psychic powers are dextrous.
My sixth sense is activated.
My mind is aligned with universal knowledge.
I am extremely intuitive.
My third eye is open.
My third eye can sense more each day.
I increase my psychic powers.
I open my third eye.
My sixth sense is growing stronger.
I am becoming more and more receptive to psychic information.
I will perceive hidden knowledge.
I am finding it easier to listen to my intuition.
I will maintain contact with universal power.
My psychic powers are growing stronger and stronger.
My mind is becoming highly receptive to subtle energies.
My awareness is expanding more and more.
I have a natural psychic ability	.
Psychic powers are normal for me.
I pick up on subtle energies.
I am naturally receptive to psychic information.
My intuition is naturally strong.
I have a highly developed sixth sense.
I can perceive things that most can't.
I hide my psychic abilities.
Universal energy and knowledge surround me.
I can pick up on other peoples thoughts and emotions.