These are your reading Comprehension Skills.
Previewing. Making Inferences. Understanding Paragraphs. Patterns of Organization. Reading Longer Passages Effectively. Skimming. Study Reading. Summarizing. and Critical Reading.

|30|
The solar system is your memory peg system.
Sun, Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Nepotune.
The Sun is Previewing.
Mercury is Making Inferences.
Venus is Understanding Paragraphs.
Earth is Patterns of Organization.
Mars is Reading Longer Passages Effectively.
Jupiter is Skimming.
Saturn is Study Reading.
Uranus is Summarizing.
Neptune is Critical Reading.

|30|
Previewing.
The Sun is Previewing.
The Sun previews.
Remember your mnemonic device for the Sun previewing for greater reading comprehension.
Remember your mnemonic device for the Sun previewing.
The Sun is Previewing an Article or an Essay.
In previewing an article or essay, you look at most of the first paragraph, the first sentence of each paragraph, and the concluding sentences.
when Previewing an article or essay, ask What is it about? What is the title? What do I already know about this?
when Previewing an article or essay, ask What kind of text is this? Is this text a description? Is this text An explanation? An argument? Is this text A narrative or history?
when Previewing an article or essay, ask Is the text divided into parts? How is this text organized?
when Previewing an article or essay, ask Are there any maps, numbers, italicized words, or names in the text, if so, what attention do they need?

The Sun is Previewing.
The Sun previews.
Remember your mnemonic device for the Sun previewing for greater reading comprehension.
Remember your mnemonic device for the Sun previewing.
The SUN is Previewing a Textbook.
when reading a textbook Previewing is especially important.
when previewing a textbook You should always read the table of contents and the outline of a chapter to find out what they contain.
when previewing a textbook You should also preview the text in a chapter or a section of a chapter before reading it.

|30|
Making Inferences.
Mercury is Making Inferences.
Mercury Makes Inferences.
Remember your mnemonic device for Mercury Makes Inferences for greater reading comprehension.
Remember your mnemonic device for Mercury Makes Inferences.
Good readers make inferences as they read.
In addition to reading the words, good readers use their imagination and their knowledge about the world to fill in facts and ideas that are not stated in the text.
Makes Inferences is sometimes called reading between the lines.
It is often necessary to read between the lines, to Makes Inferences, because a writer cannot include all the possible information about a topic or situation.
A good reader must Makes Inferences because Writers leave out information that they think readers will know already or will be able to guess.
A good reader must Makes Inferences because In many kinds of writing, the author presents facts about a situation or topic and also makes inferences from those facts.

|30|
Understanding Paragraphs.
Venus is Understanding Paragraphs.
Venus Understands Paragraphs.
Remember your mnemonic device for Venus Understands Paragraphs for greater reading comprehension.
Remember your mnemonic device for Venus Understands Paragraphs.
When Understanding Paragraphs remember that English is a topic-centered language.
When Understanding Paragraphs remember that a paragraph, or longer text, has a single main topic, and all the details relate to that topic.
When Understanding Paragraphs remember that Writers in English almost always mention the topic at or near the beginning of a passage.
When Understanding Paragraphs remember that Good readers look for the topic when they read.
When Understanding Paragraphs remember that The topic is the word or phrase that best describes what all of the sentences in the paragraph are about.
When Understanding Paragraphs remember that Words relating to the topic are usually repeated several times in a paragraph.

|30|
Patterns of Organization.
Earth is Patterns of Organization.
Earth notices Patterns of Organization.
Remember your mnemonic device for Earth notices Patterns of Organization for greater reading comprehension.
Remember your mnemonic device for Earth notices Patterns of Organization.
Recognizing the patterns of organization is an important part of reading comprehension.
Recognizing the patterns of organization is important because writers use patterns to present their ideas in a way that makes sense.
Recognizing the patterns of organization is important because Once you recognize the pattern, you will understand and follow their ideas more efficiently.
Recognizing the patterns of organization known as listing will help you recognize list data the author presents.
when reading to Recognize the patterns of organization, noticing sequences of ideas and data will help you recognize sequence information the author presents.
when reading to Recognize the patterns of organization, noticing how the author presents Comparison and Contrast arguments will help you recognize contrastive information the author presents.
when reading to Recognize the patterns of organization, noticing how the author presents Cause and Effect arguments will help you recognize causative information the author presents.
when reading to Recognize the patterns of organization, noticing how the author presents Problem to Solution arguments will help you recognize problem solving information the author presents.
when reading to Recognize the patterns of organization, noticing how the author presents Extended Definition information will help you recognize more detailed information the author feels is important for understanding.




|30|
Reading Longer Passages Effectively.
Mars is Reading Longer Passages Effectively.
Mars Reeds Longer Passages Effectively.
Remember your mnemonic device for Mars Reeds Longer Passages Effectively for greater reading comprehension.
Remember your mnemonic device for Mars Reeds Longer Passages Effectively.
to read Longer Passages Effectively you must identify The Topic.
when Reading Longer Passages Effectively The topic of a longer passage is usually repeated many times to focus the reader's attention.
when Reading Longer Passages Effectively The topic of a longer passage is usually repeated many times to reinforce connections between the topic and the supporting ideas.
when Reading Longer Passages Effectively The topic of a longer passage is usually found in the title.
when Reading Longer Passages Effectively The topic of a longer passage is usually found in the topic sentence of each paragraph.
when Reading Longer Passages Effectively The topic of a longer passage is usually found in at least one other sentence in each paragraph
when Reading Longer Passages Effectively a good reader will identify The Thesis Statement.

In a longer passage, the writer's idea about the topic is stated in a sentence called the thesis statement.
Like the main idea in a paragraph, the thesis statement tells the writer's overall idea about the topic.
Recognizing and understanding the writer's thesis statement is the key to understanding the ideas in a passage

The Thesis Statement, Pattern of Organization, and Supporting Points
The thesis statement will help you determine the overall pattern of organization of the
whole passage and what kind of supporting points to look for. In each of the paragraphs
after the thesis statement, the main idea supports the thesis statement and often includes a
signal word for the overall pattern of the passage.






|30|
JUPITER - Skimming
Skimming is a form of rapid reading for finding the general idea—or gist—of a passage or a
book. In your daily and academic life, you probably skim many things: movie reviews,
newspaper articles, and passages and websites that might be useful for a research paper.
When you skim, you have a general question in mind, something you need or want to
know about the text, such as:
Skimming Questions
• What is the general meaning?
• Does this agree with what I already know about this subject?
• What is the writer's opinion?
• Will this information be useful to me?








|30|
SATURN - Study reading
Strategy 1: Text Marking
When you are reading a text that contains many facts and ideas, it is helpful to mark the
important facts and ideas so that they stand out and can be used for reviewing and
remembering the material.
What to mark in a text
You should select and make visually memorable only the most important information or ideas:
• the topic of the passage
• the thesis statement, if the thesis is directly stated
• signals for the overall pattern of the passage
• the main idea
• the details that support the thesis or main idea, including key dates or names
• ideas that seem to differ from what you already know or have read about
• terms or points that are difficult to understand
How to mark a text
The following is a list of different kinds of marking that good students often use. You
should try out all of these techniques and then decide which ones work best for you.
Experienced readers develop their own personal style of marking, usually a combination of
various techniques.
• Underlining (in pencil)
• Circling or making a box around words or phrases
• Drawing lines or arrows from one part of the text to another
• Writing a key word, date, or name in the margin
• Making a star or arrow in the margin beside an important point
• Making a question mark or exclamation point to express your reaction
• Numbering points in a series

Strategy 2: Writing Questions for More Effective Reading
In addition to marking a text, write study questions and quiz questions:
• Before you read, use the title, headings and subheadings to form questions about the
text. This will help you focus your thinking.
• When you have finished reading and marking the text, write quiz questions about the
important facts and ideas to help reinfoirce your learning

Strategy 3: Connecting Graphics and Ideas
Textbooks and newspaper or magazine articles often use graphics to help make a point.
These graphics can come in many different forms: graphs, charts, tables and diagrams.
Always look at graphics carefully and connect them to specific parts of the text.





















|30|
URANUS - Summarizing
Another key strategy for learning and remembering the ideas in a text is to summarize what
you have read. This means rewriting the important parts in a much shorter form, using some
words from the text and some of your own words. Summarizing is especially useful for:
• Reviewing and memorizing information in textbooks for exams;
• Preparing information or ideas from different sources so you can include them in a
report or paper.
Summarizing a Passage
When summarizing a passage, the first step is to write a one-sentence summary of each
paragraph. Then you can combine the sentences to write a summary of the whole passage.
Step 1. Summarizing a paragraph
• Write a single, complete sentence that is much shorter than the paragraph.
• Include the main idea and supporting facts and ideas.
• In the summary sentence, follow the same pattern of organization as in the paragraph.
• Do not add any facts, ideas, or opinions that are not in the paragraph.

Step 2. Summarizing a whole passage
• Read the passage all the way to the end and mark the overall thesis and the supporting
points.
• Determine the overall pattern of organization.
• Write a one-sentence summary of each paragraph.
• Write a short paragraph by combining the summary sentences of the paragraphs (with
any necessary changes to connect them).
• The main idea of the summary paragraph should be similar to the thesis of the whole
passage and the pattern of organization should be the same as the overall pattern of the
passage.

Summarizing a Textbook Chapter
Summarizing a textbook section or chapter is easier in some ways than summarizing an
article or essay because the passages are usually already divided up into sections and
subsections.
In a textbook, the introduction to a chapter or chapter section usually contains a
statement of purpose that functions like a thesis statement, and explains what the passage
will be about and how it will be organized. The headings of the chapter or section usually
correspond to the topics mentioned in the statement of purpose.
While textbook sections are often organized in a listing pattern, each subsection can
have a different pattern of organization. It is easier to understand and summarize the
subsections if you first identify their patterns.





















|30|
NEPTUNE - Critical Reading
With all the information that is available today, you must be on your guard as you read.
Nothing is automatically true just because it is in print or on the Web. You need to develop
the ability to read critically. That is, you need to ask questions like these about the text and
about the writer.
• Where is this material from? Is this a valid source of information?
• Who is the writer? Is he or she qualified to write about this topic?
• Can I trust the information here?
• What is the writer's purpose in writing this?
• What is the writer's point of view about the topic?
• How does this information compare to what I already know?
• Based on what I already know and believe, do I agree?

Evaluating Web Sites
It is important to remember that ANYONE can create a web site or put information on the
Web. There are no editors to check the reliability of a writer (as in a serious newspaper or
magazine). Therefore, when you are reading articles on the Web, you need to be especially
critical. Ask yourself:
• Does the writer identify himself/herself? Is he/she qualified to write about this topic?
• Does the web site belong to an organization that you have heard of? If not, use a search
engine (Google or others) to look for more information.
• What is the apparent purpose of the web site? Could there be a second, hidden purpose
(e.g., it appears to simply offer information about an organization, but actually it aims
to convince you to join)?
• Is the information based on reliable, outside sources or the writer's opinions?
• Is this an open-source web site like Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia? If it is, anyone
can contribute to it, so you should check the information in other sources.
When you are looking for information about a topic on the Web, you may first have to
choose among the many sites listed on Google or another search engine. You can tell a lot
about a site just from its web address, also known as the URL. Look for the following clues:
1. The name or an abbreviation for an organization that you have heard of.
2. Any indication that it might belong to an organization.
3. A person's name, personal information, or the word "blog"—all of which might
indicate that it is a web log or journal created by an individual who wants to express
opinions and share experiences with others on the Web.
4. Where the site appears on the list of search results. The sites at the beginning of the list
are those that have been linked most by other web sites

Determining the purpose
To evaluate a piece of writing, you need to ask not only who wrote it, but also why it was
written—the writer's purpose. The three main purposes for writing are:
• To inform—the author presents facts and explains ideas to the reader.
• To persuade—the author uses facts and opinions to argue for or against some idea.
• To entertain—the author tries to amuse or interest the reader with humor, suspense,
and stories.
A piece of writing can often fulfill more than one purpose. It can, in fact, be
informative, persuasive, and entertaining all at once. However, the writer usually has one
primary purpose in writing it. How can you tell what the writer's purpose is?
• Look at the information in the passage. Does it contain a lot of facts? If it does, the
purpose may be to inform or to persuade.
• Look at the language in the passage.
). If it is neutral and objective, the purpose is probably simply to inform the reader.
)•,- If it includes terms that are strongly positive, negative, or emotional, the purpose is
probably to persuade the reader.
• If it includes situations or descriptions that are funny, surprising, or intriguing, the
writer probably wants to entertain the reader.

Recognizing point of view
Every writer has a point of view—or way of thinking—about the topic of their writing
which has developed out of their particular experiences and background. When you read
critically, you need to identify the writer's point of view and consider how it affects the
facts or arguments that are presented. You can identify the point of view by looking at the
main idea or thesis of a passage and then examining the kind of support that the writer
gives for it.

Recognizing bias
Bias is similar to point of view but taken a step further. A biased writer expresses a onesided opinion or prejudice about a person, group, or idea. He or she chooses words that
can influence the reader's feelings about the person, group, or idea.
Biased writing may include some of these characteristics:
• It presents only one side of an argument.
• It includes only facts or examples that support the writer's opinion.
• It uses language intended to influence the reader's emotions (fear, anger, pity, outrage).
• It ridicules other opinions or views.
Bias may be present in many different kinds of writing, including news reporting,
political commentary, and even in textbooks. It may involve political or religious opinions,
racial or national groups, or other groups, people, or ideas. It is important to recognize bias
in writing so that you, the reader, can make a fair judgment about the validity of the
writer's ideas