I develop triggers and anchors to slow down time.
I develop triggers and anchors to distort time.
I play with slowing time down.
I seek out opportunities to play with slowing time down.
I seek out opportunities to play with my time distortion skill.
I love mentally playing with distorting my perception of time.
I mentally play with distorting time.
I mentally play with distorting time to improve my time distortion skill.
remember a time when you slowed down time.
I remember times when I slowed down time.
I give myself experiences where I distort time so I can learn from them.
I have experiences where I distort time and I learn from them.
I experience myself consciously slowing down time to think and act faster.
I can consciously slow down time to think and act faster.
slowing down time allows me to think and act faster.
I can consciously slow down time.
I can consciously slow down time whenever I will it.
slowing down time allows me to think and act faster whenever I will it.
I experience myself consciously slowing down time to think and act faster whenever I will it.
I can consciously slow down time to think and act faster whenever I will it.
I can will myself to slow down time.
I can consciously slow down time through will.
Every time I slow down time I learn how to consciously do it better.
My conscious and unconscious minds allow me to slow down time at will.
I gain more and broader experience slowing down time.
I build unconscious triggers that allow me to slow down time at will.
My beliefs and experiences support my capability to slow down time willfully.
I have had experiences that prove I can slow down my perception of time, I can slow down time.
I know, at multiple levels of my being, that I can slow down time at will.
I can consciously trigger myself to think and act faster by slowing down time.
I can unconsciously trigger myself to think and act faster by slowing down time.
I can trigger myself to think and act faster by slowing down time.
I can consciously slow down time.
I can unconsciously slow down time.
I can consciously slow down time whenever I will it.
I can unconsciously slow down time whenever I will it.
I learn from every experience where I have slowed down time.
I consciously learn from every experience where I have slowed down time.
I unconsciously learn from every experience where I have slowed down time.
I learn to slow down time consciously at will.
I learn to slow down time unconsciously at will.
I unconsciously learn how and when I distort my perception of time.
I consciously learn how and when I distort my perception of time.
I learn how and when I distort my perception of time.
I learn how to consciously distort my perception of time.
I learn how to unconsciously distort my perception of time.
I can learn how to slow down time.
I should learn how to slow down time.
I must learn how to slow down time.
I will learn how to slow down time.
I review and learn from every time I have distorted my perception of time.
I study and learn how to consciously slow down time.
I study and learn how to unconsciously slow down time.
My unconscious mind knows it must learn how to distort my perception of time through will.
My unconscious mind knows it can learn how to distort my perception of time through will.
My unconscious mind knows it should learn how to distort my perception of time through will.
My unconscious mind knows it will learn how to distort my perception of time through will.
My mind reviews all the times when I distorted my perception of time to learn.
My unconscious mind reviews all the times when I distorted my perception of time to learn.
My conscious mind reviews all the times when I distorted my perception of time to learn.
Because I already have experiences slowing down time I can have them again.
Because I already have experiences slowing down time I can learn how to do it consciously through will.
Because I already have experiences slowing down time I can learn how to do it unconsciously at will.
I learn how to trigger slowing down time.
I can learn how to trigger slowing down time.
I should learn how to trigger slowing down time.
I must learn how to trigger slowing down time.
I will learn how to trigger slowing down time.
I develop and perfect my time distortion skill.
I can develop and perfect my time distortion skill.
I should develop and perfect my time distortion skill.
I must develop and perfect my time distortion skill.
I will develop and perfect my time distortion skill.
I practice and perfect my time distortion skill.
I can practice and perfect my time distortion skill.
I should practice and perfect my time distortion skill.
I must practice and perfect my time distortion skill.
I will practice and perfect my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind is always improving my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind can always improve my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind should always improve my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind must always improve my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind will always improve my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind knows to always improve my time distortion skill.
I access my time distorting skill whenever I will it.
My conscious and unconscious minds build and strengthen a trigger to slow down time I can access through will.
I slow down time with no adrenaline or fear.
I slow down time calmly and with clear thoughts.
I am calm when I slow down time.
I am peaceful when I slow down time.
I experience no fear when I slow down time.
I know how to slow down time.
I experience myself slowing down time.
I learn when I experience myself slowing down time.
I practice and perfect the skill of distorting my perception of time.
I learn more and more as I practice and perfect the skill of distorting my perception of time.
Anyone can distort time.
Anyone can distort time, including me.
Everyone has had the experience of distorted time.
Everyone has had the experience of distorted time, including me.
Everyone distorts their perception of time.
Everyone distorts their perception of time, including me.
Distorting ones perception of time is a mental skill anyone can learn and perfect.
Distorting ones perception of time is a mental skill I can learn and perfect.
Distorting ones perception of time is a mental skill I should learn and perfect.
Distorting ones perception of time is a mental skill I must learn and perfect.
Distorting ones perception of time is a mental skill I will learn and perfect.
Slowing down time becomes easy for me.
Slowing down time becomes easier and easier for me.
Slowing down time becomes more and more automatic for me.
Slowing down time becomes more and more effortless for me.
My unconscious mind notices when and how I naturally distort time.
My unconscious mind learns when and how I naturally distort time.
My unconscious mind builds my skill of distorting time.
My unconscious mind continually builds my skill of distorting time.
My unconscious mind regularly builds my skill of distorting time.
My unconscious mind consistently builds my skill of distorting time.
I am free to think and act at normal speed when I slow time down.
I remember that I am free to think and act at normal speed when I slow time down.
I know that I am free to think and act at normal speed when I slow time down.
I realize that I am free to think and act at normal speed when I slow time down.
My unconscious mind gives me the ability to slow time down when I need to.
My unconscious mind gives me the ability to slow time down when I want to.
My unconscious mind gives me the ability to slow time down when I will it.
I have the skill of time distortion.
I grow my skill of time distortion.
I perfect my skill of time distortion.
As my unconscious mind reviews instances when I distorted time, it learns how to better trigger and control my time distortion skill.
While my unconscious mind reviews instances when I distorted time, it learns how to better trigger and control my time distortion skill.
Whenever my unconscious mind reviews instances when I distorted time, it learns how to better trigger and control my time distortion skill.
Every time my unconscious mind reviews instances when I distorted time, it learns how to better trigger and control my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind consistently reviews instances when I distorted time, and it learns how to better trigger and control my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind often reviews instances when I distorted time, and it learns how to better trigger and control my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind is always improving my time distortion skill.
My unconscious mind is always noticing and improving my time distortion skill.
My conscious mind is always noticing and improving my time distortion skill.
As I improve my time distortion skill I notice how much better I have gotten at using it.
I unconsciously notice and improve my time distortion skill.
I consciously notice and improve my time distortion skill.
I feel happy when I unconsciously notice and improve my time distortion skill.
I love it when I consciously notice and improve my time distortion skill.