I know that I create my reality through my thoughts, so I choose thoughts that create the reality I desire.
I see myself running a profitable business that helps my city and my neighbors.
I hear myself running a profitable business that helps my city and my neighbors.
I feel myself running a profitable business that helps my city and my neighbors.
I experience myself running a profitable business that helps my city and my neighbors.
I love myself and others.
I see myself loving myself and others.
I hear myself loving myself and others.
I feel myself loving myself and others.
I experience myself loving myself and others.
I visualize my goals and experience their manifestation in each of my chakras.
I visualize my goals and experience their manifestation in my root chakra.
I visualize my goals and experience their manifestation in my third eye chakra.
I visualize my goals and experience their manifestation in my throat chakra.
I visualize my goals and experience their manifestation in my crown chakra.
I visualize my goals and experience their manifestation in my sacral chakra.
I visualize my goals and experience their manifestation in my crown chakra.
I visualize my goals and experience their manifestation in my solar plexus chakra.
I encourage myself to manifest the best reality possible.
I encourage myself to manifest the best reality possible, first in my mind, first in my vision of myself and my world.
I am a serious person who understands when to be more serious about the matter at hand.
I am a centered person who observes and thinks before responding.
I am a wise person who observes and thinks before responding.
I am a serious person who observes and thinks before responding.
I am a loving person who observes and thinks before responding.
I observe and think before responding.
I have unlocked the sun source of shinanjoo.
I seek out wisdom and apply it to my life.
I remember that I create my reality through my thoughts and focus.
my consistent thoughts and actions are alinged to my highest goals.
I align my thoughts and actions to my higest goals.
I visualize my future, better self.
I see my future, better self.
I hear my future, better self.
I feel my future, better self.
I visualize my future, better self, daily.
I see my future, better self, daily.
I hear my future, better self, daily.
I feel my future, better self, daily.
I am strong in my body.
I am strong in my mind.
I am strong in my spirit.
I believe completely in what I am manifesting.
I remove all doubts about my manifestation.
