that what he did half a minute ago was very clever, now they smile and show their appreciation. For some working conditions, close up for example, this technique can be quite good. But for stage work it is bad. You cannot afford the time to let people think back over all your movements before they realise you have done a trick. It has to be more obvious than that-avoid the flash back type of trick for large audiences.

Now what about the most important trick in the act, the last one you do. It is the most important because it is the one that leaves, or should leave, the final impression you create. To find a really good ending trick is not at all easy. To start with, unlike all the other tricks in the routine or act, this one has to be a trick which at the end leaves you and you only, on the stage. Quite clearly, for close up mentalism it is not the same and does not matter if you are left alone or not. But it is extremely important when working from the stage. It is quite wrong to conclude a performance and attempt to take a final call when you are standing on the stage surrounded by half a dozen people who have come up from the audience to help you during the act. If the last trick requires assistants, as it probably will do, it will have to be constructed so that you can politely dismiss your helpers back to the audience before you finally end the trick. Therefore, talking of good tricks, one that allows you the opportunity to do this is one worth having and you know where to use it. As a detail, I think that the last trick is also best if you can finish empty handed. It is not imperative-but at the very end you should think of every way to focus attention on yourself and try to eliminate anything that may become even a slight distraction. If you are forced to finish with some thing in your hands, do so and when the final applause has ended walk off with the object. Don't cross over to a table and put it down. Make the end, and end and be done with it.

Now what about all the little things that go into making a trick good or bad." We can argue about the type of prop you use, how it should be decorated if decorated at all; we have to consider visibility, angles of working, variety of effect (i.e. no one act with six consecutive prediction effects) and so on.

These things are all details, they are the little things which are quite fre- quently passed over and forgotten. To do anything properly, you have to pay attention to detail. You don't have to give yourself headaches worrying too much but keep the little things in mind. For example, suppose you have a good effect that uses a prop which looks fancy and magical. The answer is very simple, if the effect warrants the use of the apparatus, go to a bit of trouble and redecorate the apparatus to make it appear less conspicuous and more suitable for mental magic than conjuring proper. As a rule, it is better to use things that seem commonplace with preference to anything that looks as though it has been designed for the purpose of tricking an audience. Nearly any piece of conjuring apparatus can be skilfully explained away so that it becomes usable for Mentalism. You may remember how I gave you an opening mental effect in Step Four-and the apparatus used was the common design of Card in Balloon.

Bear in mind that aside from the appearance of the apparatus you use to achieve a trick, what can be just as deceptive is the way you use it. But all the same, it is my opinion that the best mental tricks are those which do not require very much apparatus, and if they do, the apparatus is such that it will not attract attention.

If you are not using apparatus you rarely have to worry about angles. If you are, then here again pay attention to detail and see that the trick you want to use is one that can be performed without revealing to part of the audience some secret flap or gimmick that may exist. If you have a prop which is subject to angle trouble, bear in mind that if you keep well back on the stage. you give the people at the side less chance of seeing round the corner.

To end this discussion which concerns good or bad tricks, let us take examples of the best possible tricks, what are they? Again I have to remind you that what I say is simply my opinion and does not have to be taken as Law. But I think that there is no question at all that the very best mental tricks are those you can do anywhere, at any time and with practically no preparation. In previous Steps I have given a fair selection of tricks that fall under this category. The Centre Tear Routine given in detail in Step, Six is worth its weight in gold. Sometimes people tell me it is limited to close up work; they are wrong. If you present it in a big way, you can do it from the stage if you like. A good test for your ability and for your tricks, or those you know and can do, is to be able to go anywhere and suddenly you are called on to perform a short show. You should be able there and then to do a pretty respectable routine with a few pieces of borrowed paper, a pencil, maybe a pack of cards or whatever else you find comes to hand. That is Mental magic at its best and tricks that you can do on these occasions are, I think the very best.

(E) HANDLING

We have talked about the type of trick to do and now we concern ourselves with the handling of these tricks. What is the right way to handle mental effects? The answer is, the way that suits you best.
Many tricks which utilise apparatus are supplied with instructions which tell you how the thing works. Sometimes the instructions go further and tell you what to do when and what to say as you do it. Cut this part of the instructions away and chuck it in the wastepaper basket; it is a waste of time if you want to learn serious mental magic. We have already said that patter for one person is rarely suitable for another, and the same applies to handling. In the first place, do you want to do and say the same thing as everybody else does? Do you realise that a dealer may sell 500 of a good mental trick-all with the same instructions? If every one of the 500 customers did and said the same thing-audiences would get so used to that effect it would be quite absurd. As a human being you are gifted with the ability to think and origi- nality in patter and presentation is simply a question of thinking for yourself. Only lazy people are satisfied to do just what instructions tell them to do. The first thing you have to do is to find out how to do the trick. No matter what bright ideas you have of your own, you must be able to do the trick. When you have mastered the mechanics then you start to work on effect to make it suitable for your type of work. You have to get the right handling and this means smooth, clean and natural work. When you pick up a fake slate from the table, you have to know just where your fingers go to get hold of the slate. When you hold a small visiting card in the hand to do a mental prediction with a Swami gimmick, you have to know just how to hold the card. I gave you paragraphs of explanation in Step One which told you just how to hold a card and why. To many readers I have no doubt those words were wasted and considered to be padding. It is now more apparent to my readers that you were given important details.