with full time experienced professional men who have assistants, male or female on the stage, the assistants do not take a call. The performer who has been assisted by his wife is in a difficult position because she will want to take a call, but strictly speaking, as an assistant, she should not do so. If the performer feels she has to be there to take a call, the best way is to give her a little more to do in the act and then she becomes more important and she equals a partner and becomes entitled to take a call.
Corinda: Well Claude, I'm sure there are many other things you could tell us but we have to stop somewhere and we are thankful for all your advice in this interview.

ERRATA AND ADDITIONS TO THE FULL

"THIRTEEN STEPS TO MENTALISM "
However careful one tries to be, there is always the mistake. Many readers have kindly informed me of errors published in this series and for the benefit of purists the following alterations and additions should be made to existing copies:-
STEP ONE: Pp. 16. Madame DISS DEBAR should read, Madame DIS DEBAR.
STEP THREE: Pp. 66, para 2 should read: " Alternatively start with the number above the Key (i.e. 38) and when you reach a Key Square subtract two. (Diagram C.)
Also on this page Diagram "B" and Diagram "C" should have a black star added in top left hand squares. (Square number 52 in "C and the equivalent in "B".)
STEP SEVEN: Pp. 229, para. 8. For Houdini read Houdin.
STEP TEN: Pp. 309. Photo-memory by Hans Trixer. Either method may be used. The number called and performer names card or the card called and then performer states at which number it will appear. Line 23 should read "You said Ten and I said Three of Hearts."
Pp. 316. Beyond the Veil. Readers were not informed that in the pack, the cards which should be short cards were:-
8C, QC, AC, 10D, 2S, 4C, AD, QS, 10S, AH, 8D, 8H, 4D, AS, JH, 8S, 10C, 4S, JD, KD, 6S, 4H, 5H, 9H, 6C, 7H (total 26 cards). The other 26 cards not mentioned consist of the remainder of the pack. This deck, arranged in long- and short-pairs, with cards in any order, will allow you to spell out from the stacked deck when instructions, as given in the effect, are followed.
A final note on The Thirteen Steps to Mentalism. Those of you who have seen or read this complete series will appreciate that I owe a great deal to many fellow Mentalists for their advice, help and general support. To all those who have so generously given us tricks and routines, I express my sincere thanks. To those who have given us tricks without knowing it, I say thanks again, and leave in modest consolation the words of Hans Trixer who, speaking of those who steal or borrow tricks-writes...
When you steal one trick, they call it plagiarism. When you steal many-they call it research.
THE END