
who take this subject as a hobby-but it is not good enough for public presen- tation. If you like to dress it up and make it into something that's a different thing, but you belittle yourself by performing rather silly small tricks. If you know one good trick and nothing more, do the one and then stop. If you go on and add a few half-hearted catches you reveal yourself. If you do nothing more they are never sure how much you could do if you wanted to! It stands to reason that you now want to know how you can tell when you have done a good trick? Very simple. At the finish of the effect look at the audience; if they have gone white in the face, froth at the mouth with excitement, shake at the knees or get down on the floor and salaam you-it is quite a fair trick. If they snore or ask you what time your bus leaves- take a hint. I used too think one way to judge a trick was to wait and see if they said "Do it again." I made the mistake of thinking that if they said this, they liked it so much they wanted another dose. Now I know better. Often people say "Do it again" because you were so damn clumsy the first time that they caught half the trick and they now want to see the other half so that they know how it works. It is a great thing to make mistakes because that is the best way to learn!

Finally, a few minor standards for the making of good mental effects. The trick should be reasonably short, as a guide you might say that the more people you have watching a trick, the quicker it should be done. If you are working to an intimate audience of six or so seated around a table you are in a position to introduce one or two lengthy routines. The six people are close enough to enjoy the company of the performer, to see everything that happens and to hear everything that is said. On the other hand, on stage with an audience of one thousand it is by no means the same. This time you cannot be with every member of the audience and there is much more chance of them missing something you do and not hearing something you say. Therefore you have to struggle to catch and keep attention from start to finish. Nothing is more likely to cause a drop in attention than something which goes on and on and on.

If you have a first class effect which you feel must go into the stage act and yet it takes quite a time to perform, you must try and divide the perfor- mance of this effect into stages and make each stage a short, separate enter- tainment for the audience. A joke is enough to break the monotony-a funny gesture at the right time, can be the saving feature in a trick which will have a stunning finish if anybody waits long enough to see what happens. Consider at all times what you are supposed to be and what you are supposed to be able to do. You are a mindreader and you "should" be able to say to somebody, "Think of a name!" and three seconds later you blurt out" Dr. Livingstone" and the victim nods his head in reply. Any deviation from this theme is a stride away from what you would do if you could do the real thing. So when you have a member of the audience clean and examine twenty four school slates, keep in mind that you are the only person in the world who can understand what slates have to do with what you are supposed to be.

This brings us to another important point and it is something which connects the running time of a trick with the value of a trick. Primarily you have to entertain your audience and it is easy, very easy to get carried away with a trick that you like and forget that it may not be so interesting to an audience. You have an appreciation and liking for mentalism, try to avoid the pitfall of entertaining yourself without at the same time, entertaining the audience. This sort of mistake is made more often by an enthusiastic amateur mentalist, than by the professional man who tries continuously to see every- thing from the audience viewpoint.

Everything must have a beginning and an end. A good trick must have a good and decisive finish. It is part and parcel of showmanship to be able to tell the audience "Now you can clap" and the stronger your finish, especially with the last trick in the act, the better off you will be. It is a very common mistake among inexperienced performers to take a few tricks and build them into an act. Then they hear the word "Continuity" and think this means that one trick must run smoothly and faultlessly into the next, making the whole a continuous routine. This is all wrong; utterly wrong.

If you have an act you might say you have a routine with six tricks. You have got to remember that it is six tricks and not one routine that you are showing. You should get at least six rounds of applause, one for each trick and each round of applause represents a break. If you make your six tricks run so smoothly one into the other, you do not finish one before you start the next; you do not give the audience a chance to applaud or to have a break. You need both, which we call applause-breaks during every perfor- mance. They serve more than one purpose. A break relieves the tension. You start a trick and build up the tension using showmanship and effect to scare or amaze an audience, then you break off quickly and let their emotions fall back to normal and give them a chance to let off steam by applauding your work. Then you start again rather like a see-saw, causing elation and then relaxation. Added to this pattern of psychological mistreatment, each trick should be followed by a stronger one if possible, so that each time you elate the audience a little more than last time. Now you achieve the purpose of routining and that is to go forward in steps until you reach an outstanding peak. Then you end.

I gained a lot of experience and understanding about breaks when I used to perform ghost shows. The necessity is not so apparent when doing ordi- nary mental magic (although it is still there) but when you go into the business of frightening people you find out that obvious breaks are imperative. You are performing a ghost show and you see and feel the tension building up: if you don't stop it gets unbearable, the audience become so tense that you feel as though an explosion is due to occur. You have to create breaks which act as safety valves and let the audience unwind a bit every now and then, it does them good, it does you good and to come back to the beginning, perfect routining does not achieve this when the continuity is overdone. Some while ago I watched a very good mental act at the London Society of Magicians. At the end, my friend turned to me and said he thought the act was good but it didn't seem as though the audience liked it much as they only clapped once. To me, the answer was very clear. Excepting when the man walked off the stage, the audience hadn't been given a chance to clap; there were no breaks.

So to come back to our original discussion, a good trick is one that enables you to make a strong obvious finish. Although you adopt an applause position (i.e. as suggested on page 396) to show the audience you have finished, the trick itself should also seem completed. Some tricks depend on a flash back principle; the performer does something and then slowly stops and smiles. The onlookers seeing him smile begin to think and suddenly realise