
you already have. It is an achievement in one life to be able to do six tricks perfectly and if you get this far, then you are entitled to play games and fiddle with novel diversions. The odd thing about magicians is that when this sort of thing is said, everybody agrees and at the same time everybody thinks it applies to somebody else. It could be you!
THE ESSENTIALS OF GOOD PERFORMANCE
No one thing makes a trick right or wrong-many things go together. To name a few of the more important subjects, we have:-
(a) Personal appearance.
(b) Manner and speech.
(c) Patter.
(d) Good effects.
(e) Handling.
(f) Timing.
(g) Misdirection.
(h) Co-ordination.
Let us deal briefly with each one in turn but at the same time, let us remember that they are not isolated in performance-they must all come together making, in effect, the complete picture.

(A) PERSONAL APPEARANCE

When you look good, you feel good. When you feel good, you work well. Personal appearance is important and can easily be overlooked. When you are a performer, people have to look at two things, you and your magic. Both should be pleasing to the eye.

You do not have to be rich in order to dress in good taste and there is no. excuse for dirty hands and fingernails which can be an alarming distraction from the magic your hands do.

There is no such thing as a typical costume for the Mentalist. This is a good thing because it means you don't have to dress up into some make- believe role each time you wish to perform. Contrary to some schools of thought, I do not believe that the stage mentalist has to be garbed in flowing Eastern robes and crowned with a turban. The only time I would endorse such extravagance would be in the case of an Eastern Mentalist who rightly dressed in native style. That would be natural and what is natural is most important which brings us to the next point.

Personal appearance has a lot to do with the way the audience regard you. Consider what you want them to think of you. If you wish to present your mentalism as supernatural phenomena, then you are almost obliged to appear supernatural. One has to picture the common mental image of a character part as seen in the public eye. Question people and ask what they think a Medium looks like-and few suppose that such a personality is an ordinary looking person. Introduce the supernatural and you automatically introduce alongside the Occult. Now we anticipate our mentalist a la Svengali; a freakish man with the evil eye, pointed beard and what have you. As a further example, there have been half a dozen or so films made which involved a Medium. In nearly every instance, the Medium always turned out to be an eccentric grey haired old lady, garbed in flowing dress and heavily bedecked with chains of beads, bangles and odd trinkets. Never once was the medium an ordinary looking person, which in fact is what they all are, as it did not matter what they really were like, it was what people expected them to be that counted. Remember one secret of showbusiness is to exaggerate the ordinary so that it becomes a change from the commonplace and therefore is interesting to watch.

Bearing this point in mind, and others which we will discuss, we come to the question, "is it worth pretending to be supernatural?" I have little hesitation in giving my answer as No! At least, not for the mindreader. It is an artificial role which is hard to play, hard to maintain (since you have to keep it up) and to cap it all, it is quite unnecessary.

So now back to personal appearance; what should you look like? Well you should look clean, suitably dressed to meet the company which you entertain (i.e. Pink jeans are not worn at a Duchesses Dinner Party) and for your own benefit, dress comfortably. If you are not sure at anytime as to what to wear, play safe and wear a quiet suit and tie. All this might seem minor detail, but it is by no means so as you may, if you care to, learn the hard way. For instance, one professional mindreader from England turned up to play a Casino in France two years ago, he was not allowed through the doors because of a House rule that all gentlemen wore ties. He missed the engagement because on a hot day he arrived in an open neck shirt. Then there is another aspect to consider. When you are not well dressed and you arrive in company that is, naturally you feel different and can easily become embarrassed. How can you possibly work at ease when you are self-conscious about your appearance? If you are one of these people who like to claim you don't care a damn what you look like then you might like to know that the people who pay for an artist to entertain their guests, frequently expect somebody who looks like a gentleman and not a tramp. They care.

Before we leave this topic, let us say just one thing. Although you are committed to dress respectably, you are not barred from a touch of personal taste as long as it is reasonably good taste. You don't have to turn out like a tailors dummy-for instance, I have often worked from a stage wearing a maroon corduroy jacket (rather like a smoking jacket) and with clean shoes, shirt and tie I think I felt almost civilised.

(B) MANNER AND SPEECH

When you meet a strange person you form a quick impression of them by the way they dress, speak and behave. Quite often your audience meet you for the first time and they will form an opinion about you. They can arrive at three conclusions. They like you, they do not like you and lastly, they can't even be bothered to think about you.

We have discussed the importance of correct dress and see now, once more, that it helps to form a good impression at the start. However, immaculate as you may appear, sooner or later you have to say something and once more you can make or break yourself.

What you say and the manner in which you say it will have a decided effect on the audience, especially at the beginning. There are certain golden iules to follow. Speak clearly so that people hear what you have to say, talk loud enough without shouting for everybody to hear, and speak as best you can in the best possible English. (For an English speaking audience, since even the best Oxford English may not be appreciated when addressing a batch of Zulu tribesmen).