For each and every trick there is a good pattern to follow when devising the patter you need. Start off by finding the best way to explain to the audience what you are going to do (as far as your trick permits). If you cannot explain what you are going to do, and we know it is not always possible or desirable, then tell the audience what you are doing at the time. Moreover, when you do this, tell them in such a manner that you do not insult their intelligence or bore them with statements of the obvious.

(Avoid the bad habit acquired by many of naming each and everything they touch. "I am removing the cards from the case and cutting them..." that is an example of rather stupid patter. People can see you do this and if you can think of nothing better to say, then utilise the brief pause by making a quick aside that amuses people and entertains them.)

Having found the best way to introduce the trick you must find something to say whilst it goes on. As far as possible, stick to patter which deals with what you are doing. Remember you can distract attention with words and you do not want to perform the trick twice because people were more interested in your words than your actions! This part of the trick the middle part is the point for natural talk, the point where you exert your personality by saying the right things in a casual relaxed manner. Nothing will help you more to relax than knowing what you are going to say. You don't have to tell the audience you are working from a script. When you see a professional artist at work you see his relaxed talkative manner. He appears natural and what he says seems impromptu, but very probably he has said the same things hundreds of times before and by now those words are natural to him.

The last thing in the pattern is how to end the trick. We have to find suitable patter and our first concern is to find words which clearly indicate that it is the end. The word "Thank you" said in the right voice and accompanied by a suitable applause position on stage-signals the audience you have finished and they can applaud or throw tomatoes as the case may be. We shall discuss stage work later, but for those who are not sure about applaud positions, as an example, stand facing the audience and stretch out both arms facing the hands palms to roof. You adopt this position and loudly state"Thank you" and you have the right word with the right action to finish a trick or an act.

If it is the end of a trick and another is to follow, a definite finish to the trick is made and then a nice touch is to make a quick joke or comment before striding into the introduction of the next trick. It is worth noting that when you make a joke, people laugh and relax and this is the ideal time to get ready for the next trick or get rid of the evidence from the last one. There is powerful misdirection to be gained from a simple joke.

Now we have to deal with another completely different aspect of patter for mentalism. We are obliged to consider what type of things to say; how to introduce Mentalism to the public and what claims to make by word of mouth.

Well it is all a matter of opinion as to what you should or should not do. Some think you can claim to be the world's most phenomenal brain and others like to suggest that what they do is perfectly normal and could be done by anyone.

My personal opinion leans towards the last suggestion as opposed to the first. However, not to the extent that I openly admit that anyone could do the things I do. (Referring to performance of mentalism as seen by the public). I have experimented with numerous approaches to this problem and these days I find myself more and more in favour of a psychological trick of presentation which I find to be the perfect answer.

Whenever it is possible-and this is nearly always so when working mental magic at close quarters with an audience, I make a short introduction which tells them that I would like to show them a few interesting things that can be achieved if you like to train the human mind to do them. I openly state that it is my belief that everybody could do these things and that it is simply a question of study and practice. I flatter the incredibility of the human brain and not myself (which would be a wrong manner to adopt). I go on to explain that people could quite easily think there was something psychic about the things that can be done, and add that it is by no means so; cer- tainly it takes training, a lot of hard work and a fair understanding of psy- chology-but all the same, it is something which anybody can train their mind to do! As you realise, it is practically telling them the truth-but you need not fear the modesty of your claims will in any way effect their appreciation of your ability.

Having adopted this approach, I phrase the patter in straightforward language. I do not go off the deep end with long winded pseudo-scientific phraseology that supposedly sounds good. I prefer to use down to earth. understandable language. I call a trick an "experiment" or a "simple test" and now and then I allow a technical term like "E.S.P." to slip in, just for effect. Whenever I use a technical term, I always add quickly an aside which explains it as it is quite wrong to suppose that the average man understands one half of the fancy names you can use. Most of the fancy names have been devised by psychologists and mentalists and I am sure they are not in common agreement themselves as to the meaning which is intended. I know of three books which use the term "Pre-inferential Cognosis" and none of them use the term as it was originally intended. The only time I would think of using any term such as the last mentioned one, would be as a joke to the audience. Having done something I would pass it off with the comment," and I expect you would like to know how it was done? I don't mind telling you, it is nothing really, simply a case of pre-inferential cognosis --but don't tell everybody..." Used in this vein you pass away a technical phrase as a joke and that's about the best you can do.

Generally speaking it is easier, safer and altogether more convincing to use language that people understand, and to act as yourself rather than attempt to create an artificial personality. Nothing appears more ridiculous than a performer who starts off with a Chinese accent and ends up talking like a Cockney. Moreover, by using your own personality and speaking as you would normally, you find yourself at ease so much that although working to a script you are still able to ad lib remarks and witticisms into the proceedings -giving it all the more personal touch and making it all so much more natural.

Ideally, whilst performing, your talk should seem free, unrehearsed and natural. That is why one should avoid the over use of technical terms. Remember it is not a lecture, not a case of reciting poems and not a monotone announcement. When you introduce a trick don't make it sound like the usual voice heard on a railway station-the one that drones on telling you