does not know what to do until you tell him and is not worried about how long it takes to shuffle a pack of cards for example. The best you can do is to estimate by trial and error how long it takes the spectator to do certain things and when you do so, play safe and allow them more time in your schedule rather than less. Remember all the time that it is easier for you to draw out an act for half a minute than it is to cut it short.

During a television programme you will probably see a man making weird signs at you. A lot of studios have a timekeeper who sticks fingers up and down in the air telling you to speed up or slow down. The T.V. producer of the show will explain to you what the signs mean and what he wants you to do when you see them. Don't mistake the timekeeper for a cameraman who is learning to be a bookies' tic-tac man! Work to time using the studio clock, the timekeeper and your rehearsed schedule for the act. Do not look at your watch as though worried about the time; if you must look at your watch at any time (unless it's part of a trick) do so with a spot of misdirection. This applies to any type of performance.

Anybody who manages to get on a T.V. programme to do a few tricks in a given time, and has not rehearsed those tricks, is an idiot. It has been done, and if you are lucky you may get away with it, but for comfort of mind and efficiency of work, know what you are doing to the tenth degree. The only exception to this rule is when you happen to be a guest artist and unexpectedly you are called on to show something. When this happens, the time you take is their problem not yours and ten to one the organisers have allowed time for you to do a trick. To make it easy for them, make it snappy. However, as those who know anything about work on T.V. will tell you, there is hardly a thing done or said at any time which has not been discussed or arranged beforehand. Mistakes of any kind are not encouraged and rightly so.

We have discussed two forms of Time as it concerns presentation. Now we deal with another meaning and that is what we call the Timing of Show- manship. It is by far the hardest factor to explain as this is very subtle.

Briefly, there is a point or a phase in every trick you do-when you reach the perfect time to surprise people. There is another point when you reach the ideal peak to finish your act. Another exact moment when a few words delivered dead on time will bring the house down or change an entire act. One of the most noticeable applications of good timing in show business, is the job of the comedian. Watch a good comedian working and see how he waits for one joke to hit and register before he delivers the next. Listen to some specific jokes which depend on the speed of delivery alone. Many jokes wouldn't be funny at all if there was no distinct pause between certain words in a sentence.

A good trick is one that goes on until the time is reached that the audience feel something is due to happen. Then it happens-but not what they expected-and so results in a pleasant surprise. A good act is one that builds up trick upon trick getting better and better and then you seem to reach a peak-and that is the right time to end. Nothing is worse than an act that exceeds its peak time. From that point onwards the act begins to die and starts to bore.

How is it possible to tell the right time, or better still, the ideal time to do something which will incur audience reaction?

One way to tell is to think of the wrong times and see what that leaves you. For instance, you can do something too quick. The build up was insufficient or the effect so rapid that the audience were not given a chance to understand the accomplishment. When we say "something" we mean the part of the trick that actually reveals the achievement; we do not mean the preparation or actual working. On the other hand, you can do something too slow. The initial preparation is too involved or so long that the audience begin to lack interest; as a result, when you reach the ideal point you unwittingly go on and from then onwards you expose yourself to the danger of boring your audience. A good showman is able to build up the atmosphere (theoretically working to the climax of his trick) and no good showman goes beyond the peak. If he does this, the audience are liable to feel frustrated and pay less attention to a second attempt to stimulate their interest.

Now we know that we can go too slow or too fast, and we are left to decide at which point between the two comes the ideal time. An excellent way to discover this is to use the audience as your guide. Make them your clock! If you are running too slow or going on too long, you will see plenty of move- ment and hear people whispering to each other. They are obviously restless and that is because you have not absorbed their complete attention and held it. If you are on a stage and cannot hear whispering or even see the audience because of bright footlights, you will still "feel" the reaction you are getting. In fact, it is to what extent a showman can judge the feel of an audience- that makes him a glorious success or a blithering flop. To end this discussion, let me add a suggestion that acts as a fair guide. When you perform tricks, do things which you like and which please the audience also; make them as quick as you can without spoiling the effect by over haste and try to avoid the common pitfall of going on too long. Occasionally one sees a trick performed and after waiting perhaps nine minutes to reach the end, you are never sure whether they clap because they liked the trick or because it has reached the end at last. Whenever I see this sort of thing, when it gets to five minutes I pray the thing will work because it scares me that in the event of failure the performer might have another go from the beginning again.

(G) MISDIRECTION

I cannot stress too strongly that Misdirection is one of the most important things for you to study. It will make your work perfect and it will make your work easy. How good or powerful can misdirection be? It can be so good that if you were seated alone in a room with one man, and through the door came an elephant which had been especially prepared with black and white stripes, on its back a Scotsman playing very loudly Highland Lassie on a set of bagpipes (out of tune)-and the elephant complete with escort thumped through the room, in theory your spectator wouldn't know it had happened. And why not? Because you misdirected his attention!
For those of you that do not have an elephant to test this remarkable feat, I will discuss the general theory of Misdirection. First,

Generally speaking, there are two ways of distracting attention. by what you say and second, by what you do. Misdirection by speech and Misdirection by action. Sometimes the two go together. Occasionally one finds a prop that has been designed or decorated in some particular fashion, with a view to distracting attention (or even attracting attention) and this is more often a case of disguise than Misdirection proper as we know it to be.