Aside from the two obvious ways to apply Misdirection (i.e. Speech and action) there are other methods which from time to time are usable. We can adopt the use of sound, touch and smell all to good effect. I recollect that one of my psychological tricks which I entitled "The Powers of Dark- ness" was a routine involving Misdirection by touch and sound as the main stimuli and speech as a minor help to the effect.

Forgive me for mentioning one of my own tricks that is on the market, but I say this purely for your benefit; if you want a study in Misdirection- "The Powers of Darkness" is a lesson worth having.

Casting aside everything that Magicians do, what sort of Misdirection is strong for Mentalists?-that is our concern. The answer is this: anything that appears to be done naturally either by you or to a spectator is powerful misdirection. A mistake is the most powerful of all. Allow me to give you a trick which I have devised to illustrate the application of a mistake used as misdirection. Study this and try it. You will find that without the mistake- the trick is lousy and fools few people. With the mistake I guarantee it is a good Mental effect.

What happens? Nothing much. You have five cards face up on the table, they are these cards:-10S, JH, QD, KH, AD, in your hand you have five more cards and these match in value and colour those on the table. That is to say, you have 10C, JD, QH, KD and AH and this, you explain to a spectator. You ask anyone to merely think of one of the cards that they see on the table. You read their mind, remove one card from your fan and lay it face down on the table as though for all the world you have no doubts. that your selection will match their choice. You remain holding the others. Next you point out the free choice and ask them to name the one they thought of. Whatever they say, you look surprised and disappointed, grab at your, card on the table, look at it again and then show that you understand why you went wrong. "Sorry, I've got them in the wrong order," you say and replace the card from the table in your fan and commence to rearrange them, back outwards. Having done this to your satisfaction, you explain that this time you will go a step upwards and ask the spectator to try and match the cards. You hand him the five cards face down so that he cannot tell what they are, and instruct him to deal those cards in any order he likes, one on each of the cards on the table. This he does. When they are turned over, every card matches perfectly, every time it matches and you do nothing what- soever. You did the work earlier on-using misdirection and acting.

Now you want to know two things. From where do you get the cards and how to do the trick. Last thing first. The trick is achieved by using five double face cards and five double back. You didn't have any cards to look at but the mistake you made convinces them you had! They get the five double backed cards and it doesn't matter where they deal them as when you turn them over (in pairs using the old Two card move) they see the other side of their own cards. That's all there is to it.

Lastly, you will be delighted to know that although the standard double face pack is a haphazard assortment of cards; the five you require will be found in any double face pack and that leaves you with nothing to do in the way of preparation.

In order that you may appreciate the importance and value of a trick of this kind, which functions on the principle of misdirection coupled with good acting, you would be best advised to try the effect both ways. Try to perform the trick on one audience without the preliminary error. Judge the reaction. and then later try again on another audience and this time include the opening mistake; I guarantee you will find the effect ten times stronger.

In this discussion I have already said that one very strong form of misdirec- tion is the mistake. In Step Five mention was also made to show how blind- fold routines could be made to appear all the more authentic by the intro- duction of an occasional mistake.

It may well be thought that it is not a good thing to make a mistake at any time. On the face of it, it is not the right thing-but it all depends very much on how many mistakes you make, and in what direction you make them. In addition to this, there is a certain psychology between the audience and the performer which creates a feeling of sympathy when an error occurs. The audience tend to relax completely and their attention comes sharply off the trick and on to you; a very convenient condition at times!

For those of you that think a mistake of any kind is a bad thing, we can point out that quite often we allow the spectator to make a harmless mistake -or force the spectator to make one. An example of this principle is to be found in the Punx-Mier variation of The Centre Tear (Ref. Step 6). Person- ally, I do not think it matters if you make a few mistakes as long as it is not overdone.

The next form of Misdirection which is of use to the Mentalist is that which I like to term "Demonstrative Misdirection." It can be applied for work with billets, books or cards and the principle, although very simple is extremely good.

In effect, suppose you want to switch a pack of cards. One deck is in your hands and one deck in your pocket. You could go into a ballet dance of movement which might enable you to exchange packs, or alternatively you could do it by demonstrative misdirection. You want the spectator to have the deck in his pocket and so you simply say "I want you to keep this pack of cards in safe custody, not to open them, not to look at them for the moment- and to be sure that nobody else touches them. Take them please." (You reach forward handing him the pack in your hands and then as he is about to grasp it, take it back and say...) "No, better still, put them in your pocket like this and put your hand over the outside so that nobody can even get at the pack... (Calmly put the deck in your pocket and leave it there; remove the hand and show him how to hold his hand over the outside ("Demonstrative")-and having finished your explanation, casually reach back into your pocket and remove the second deck handing it to him for safe keeping. The pack is switched.

The above procedure could be used just as well to exchange a small dictionary, box or billet. It requires two things to be good. The key is natural behaviour and because of this, go slow and suit the action to the word. The best way to act the part when doing this sort of thing, is to try and believe yourself; pretend with as much conviction as you can, that what you are doing is simply showing him what is to be done. Forget you are switching a pack of cards, the only time you have to remember this is when it comes to knowing which pack is which. You can stand one on end in the pocket or contrive any sort of simple division to tell you by feel which is which. Such a thing is obvious so we need not discuss it.