the 10.50 train will stop at Fagsend and Doggit. Try and sound interesting, to some extent, what you say about the trick you intend to perform, will decide how much attention they will pay to the opening stages of your effect. If you arouse curiosity and interest at the start-the battle is half won.

I have no intention of giving you examples of patter for Mentalism. I think it would be downright stupid to do so. I have already explained that what suits one person rarely suits another and any examples I gave would naturally be those I use and may be quite unsuitable for you. Better by far that you do as I suggest; write your own script, keep in mind the purpose and uses of patter, experiment yourself to find that which suits you and then you have patter for the tricks you do.

Finally, the specific use of patter for misdirection is discussed a little later- that of course you can and should copy-as it fits anyone.

(D) GOOD EFFECTS

The prime purpose of this discussion is to analyse the makings of good (or bad) presentation. Therefore we must give some consideration to the actual effects that are performed. It is easy to say and nice to think that a brilliant performer could take any old trick and make it into a veritable miracle during performance. I am inclined to disagree with this hypothesis and in any case, if you know what you are doing, you do not have to use weak effects. Your aim is not to prove how good you are by showing your ability to take a weak trick and make it presentable. Better by far that you start off right at the beginning with strong, good mental magic; there are plenty of good tricks to choose from and the best way to assess their value is to put each trick to a simple test. We draw up a short list of questions and see how many of them permit us to answer yes to any one trick. The more yesses we get, the better the trick. The questions are those which are most important:-

(1) Can it be done without much preparation or expense? (2) Is it absolutely reliable and sure to work every time?
(3) Can it be performed without using assistance of any kind?
(4) Will the audience understand what has happened?
(5) Will it be accepted as a mental effect and not magic trick?
(6) Can it be done without excessive apparatus?
(7) Can it be performed anywhere; stage or close up?
(8) Does it suit your style and can you find good patter for it?
(9) Is the effect strong enough to fool everybody?
(10) Are you capable of working the trick?

Now we have our table of questions and we can find any trick we like and put it to the test. Few tricks will come out of the test with ten points out of ten-but there may be excusable instances. For example, you may find a trick which takes a great deal of preparation and gives you the answer "No" to No. 1 question. However, if the effect is so good that it warrants a lot of initial work-then you may wisely choose to adopt it for your act. The ten test questions I have devised can be altered you wish. You may decide that there is another important feature which you think every trick should have, and if so add it to the list. It is a simple way to run through a great many tricks in a short space of time and sort out those which have a potential value to your act. You know at the end of a test run that you have tricks which are worth working onb ecause they stand up to some pretty tough questions. Do bear in mind that every trick will not stand up to ten out of ten-but on the other hand, keep in mind that the higher the score, the more suitable the trick. Also keep in mind that you can alter tricks so that you improve them and with that in mind, if you are sure a change can be made you naturally answer yes to what might otherwise have been no. I find this a simple and time-saving system. I lay no claims as to the originality of this system as I am confident that anything so painfully obvious must have been thought of by everybody who, like myself, has blundered through reams of diabolical mental magic-hoping to find one trick!

What else goes to make a trick good or bad? Well, to a large extent it is a matter of taste and we must allow for a considerable amount of personal bias. I know what I like and what I do not like, which is a good thing. However, what is better than that, I know why I don't or do like an effect and maybe if I describe briefly what I feel is a good trick, you will have some- thing to guide you.

First I feel that it is absolutely imperative that the trick is one that can be explained to an audience. By that I mean, performed in such a way that they will understand what has happened. It might well seem a very odd thing to say-but one sees so many tricks of mentalism these days and quite a few of them are so involved or over subtle that at the end nobody is quite sure what has been achieved. That, to put it mildly, is a fat lot of good! The only advancement on this type of effect is the one that cannot be understood by the audience and the performer himself is not so sure what has happened. Yes- they exist.

One thing you have got to bear in mind all the time and that is you know what happens because you have read the instructions or invented the trick. That's all very well but the audience see it for the first time and they have to grasp the effect first time or it is useless. So first of all, be sure the audience understand what you do.

This leads us automatically into my second demand for a good trick. That is simplicity. I like straightforwardness. Invariably, a trick which you find simple to understand is a trick which is simple to perform. This does not mean the trick has to be weak. Anybody who knows anything about magic will acknowledge that some of the most beautiful masterpieces of trickery are so simple that they outclass the mass of tricks. If you bother to think about it, you will find that you personally get far more satisfaction by fooling somebody by a very simple dodge-than you do by a complicated and drawn out routine. So the trick should be simple to understand; you did this, you did that and the result was so and so, and it should be simple to perform. The less worries you have whilst performing, the better will be your act. The easier your tricks are the less worries you have. Never be ashamed of sim- plicity, it may not impress the boys at your local magic club but if you don't tell them how, a simple trick is just as likely to fool them as it is sure to deceive a lay audience.

The third standard which I expect of a good trick is that it is worth doing. I qualify that by saying there are many effects which although of the class mental magic-they are just not strong enough or unusual enough to be worth performing. You have to achieve something good. To have a card taken from a pack, remembered and returned, and then found by a couple of quick looks through the deck-that is the sort of thing which amuses those