When you know how the trick works, you are left to find out how to work it in the manner that suits you best. How do you do this?
What suits you is that which suits your character, your personality and your style. If you can't fathom this out, look at yourself. Watch what you do in every day life so that you find out how you behave when you are behaving naturally. Do anything just as you would do it normally, but watch the way your hands hold a pencil, pick up a book, light a cigarette. Watch and observe, you are teaching yourself how you behave! When you know yourself and you know what you do, try to mould the tricks around this natural manner of yours; you are out to achieve something very clever, you will achieve something very clever if you do it. By being yourself you have created the most powerful misdirection in the world. You have made it possible for yourself to relax and do your work in the easiest possible manner and to enjoy what you do.

(F) TIMING

What is timing? It is doing the right thing at the right moment. Not to be confused with "running time" which we cover later on. It is the factor that co-ordinates movement with speech during performance. Many tricks depend on split second timing when it comes to doing something vital to the making of those tricks. Good timing is invisible, bad timing stands out a mile.
Remember again in the example of the Centre Tear-we arrived at a point where you said a few words and then did something (removed the centre to the pocket). Split second timing of words with action enabled you to make a vital move. If the timing had been wrong, the words said before the hands were set to make the move, before the spectator had been misdirected or before you were standing in the right position, the whole thing failed. In a, short while we are going to debate what is called Co-ordination; when we do, you will find that one outstanding factor is timing. Unless things are linked together in the right manner at the right time, the picture is out of focus.

How does one acquire a sense of good timing and learn to make use of it? First disregard the timing of showmanship which we shall discuss later, and let us deal now with basic timing; the co-ordination of action with words. Remember a few pages back we were dealing with patter, what to say as you performed your tricks. Now we have to be sure that the words not only suit the action-but go with the action in time. That is to say, it would be ridiculous if your patter, spoken from script, went on "Take a card, look at it and simply think to yourself the name of that card "... as you say this, you have handed a pack in the case to a spectator. You continue rapidly, "and the card you are thinking of is the three of clubs." The spectator may well reply," I haven't looked at one yet." Your timing in this case is vastly wrong. Obviously, you have to watch them and give them time to take a card, look at it, etc., before you commit yourself. It is therefore necessary to pace the patter to suit the actions of performance. If you need more time, you use more patter; if you want to cut down the time, you use less patter or choose words that hurry the spectator.

Because it is essential that actions go with speech hand in hand, it is important when writing a script of patter for tricks that you perform the effects as you devise the patter. If not, what may well happen is that you find yourself trying to do two things at once. It is as though you had your patter recorded on tape and simply mimed the tricks. You would be forced to work
to the speed of the tape, sometimes slowing down your actions and sometimes speeding up in order to keep in time with the recording. Naturally, you do not have tape recordings but all the same, working from a script you tie yourself down to a pretty rigid pattern.

or

So that this difficulty may be overcome, we allow ourselves a licence of speech which is called in the business," Spiel." This is off-the-cuff padding or ad lib patter. Fundamentally, it is something which you add to your script or general speech for fixed tricks, and not something which you use haywire. uncontrolled-unless you are an absolute expert at talking. It is a common mistake for people to think that they can start at the beginning and go on to the end using unrehearsed speech all the way. Undoubtedly it can be done, but those who can do it well are few and far between. Better by far that you have a solid script which covers the bulk of what you have to say, and fill in with spiel as your time, tricks and personality permit.

To return to the subject on hand; Timing. There are other aspects that we have to know about. Let us deal with Running Time.
Running time is the total length of your performance. Up to a few years. ago, running time was not so important as it is today. Music Halls and Theatres expected an act to run for "about" ten minutes and as much as one minute under or over the mark was a margin that the producer could afford to allow. In some fields today-a one minute overlap would be quite disastrous; I refer to Television of course. If you want to work on Tele- vision, you have got to know quite a bit about running time. You must understand in the first place that on a T.V. programme you are one small unit of time which makes up a full hour (maybe more or less). The best way to think about it is to bear in mind the cost of one second on peak hour com- mercial television. Time doesn't seem very important until you think that ten seconds over running may cost somebody fifty pounds or more. That's what it can amount to.

You may get booked for a television show and you are expected to work two or three tricks and appear for three and a half minutes. If you finish before the scheduled time, you may unbalance the entire programme and your short act may seem to have a poor, rather drawn out finish. If you exceed the given time, a worse fate can happen. It may be necessary for the producer to fade out on your spot in order to get the next act in on time and from the viewers point of view, they see half a trick. Therefore the answer is to be on time. This is by no means an easy matter, as it is so difficult to allow for unforseen events that may consume valuable seconds during performance. Naturally you will do your best by selecting the right tricks, that is to say, those which you know can be performed within a certain rigid margin of time. You will select a type of patter that gives sufficient breaks from script to allow you to rush or slow the proceedings by inserting spiel. But you cannot allow for the behaviour of an assistant from the audience who comes to take part in a mental effect. Almost invariably a Mentalist has to work with somebody-if you are going to read minds, you have to have somebody's mind to read, and the weak spot in your time problem is the spectator who assists. The most sensible advice that I can give towards solving this problem is to choose tricks for a short T.V. programme that enable you to do most of the handling and let the spectator do as little as possible. You know what you are doing and how long it takes to do; the spectator