When it comes to the manner of speech, the first thing at all times is politeness. Nothing creates a better and more lasting impression than good manners. Very few people study etiquette and it is a definite point in your favour if you can do the right thing at the right time. To know that one addresses a Bishop as "Your Grace" and not "Mac" or " Mate" is what one might take as a sign of culture! If you don't know what to do, almost any Public Library will have a book telling you about it.

Aside from politeness with manner of speech, there is attitude. You can win an audience-or lose them in seconds-simply by taking on the right or wrong attitude. The right approach is to appear confident, friendly and professional. The wrong one incorporates nervousness, big-headedness or conceitedness, amateurism and vagueness. Try to appear as though you like being there and like doing the job. Never appear bored and disinterested. Oddly enough, you will find that as you feel so this, in some peculiar manner, goes out into the audience. You have to make yourself feel good and feel confident and then they feel the same and soon accept you. When you are nervous-often you make the audience nervous, especially in close up work and this is almost useless for the role of a commanding mindreader.

To sum it up, a good dodge is to become introspective by assuming that you have an entire audience of professional cold readers (See Step Ten) and imagine how they will see you. If you were a cold reader you would look for dress, manner and speech-so look at yourself.

(C) PATTER

It is practically impossible to perform a mental act or routine without saying something. Magicians are a little more fortunate than mentalists in this respect, if they like, they can evolve an act, a so called "Silent Act" and nothing is said. Hardly any mental tricks explain themselves to an audience by vision alone and because of this, we are forced to meet the demand for good patter during performance.

Patter is the name we give to a story we tell and the casual asides of con- versation that come during performance. Not to be confused with speech which is, as we have seen, another thing. One concerns voice production and correct use of a language and the other (patter) deals with what you say and why you say it in order to make the effect presentable.

One of the outstanding weakspots in the amateur mental programme is usually patter. More often than not, budding mentalists buy good mental effects from their dealers, and then go ahead and perform the mechanics of the trick as given in the instructions supplied and forget to add the very necessary talk to the effect. A dealer cannot hope to supply every client with correct patter for every trick he sells. He can suggest plots and themes for patter that go well with the trick, but it's your job to find the right words to be used at the right time.

There are people whose profession it is to write words for others to say. Scriptwriters as we call them are of little use to a mentalist. The best script- writer for your mental act is yourself, and this is something that you should actually do; devise a script and learn it.

The important thing is to understand the purpose and value of good patter. When you understand, you will realise that others cannot write words for you and that imitation of another person's patter is likewise useless. We go back to manner as discussed earlier and try to visualise what the audience

think of our work and ourselves. I believe that it is very important to be yourself and let it seem that what you do is natural to you. This you cannot achieve with artificial patter. Your words have to be the sort of thing you say naturally and a scriptwriter doing the job for you would have to be a psychiatrist at the same time, in order to create words that were natural to you. Later, when we discuss Misdirection, we shall see the added im- portance of behaving in a natural manner.

Now let us discuss the true purpose of patter. It is not just a case of having something to say to break up the silence, there is much more to it than that. Good patter is the means to an end-perfect presentation. It can be used to draw attention to your tricks (or apparatus) and when this happens, attention goes away from yourself. I know of several excellent tricks which would fail absolutely without the use of one or two right words delivered in the right manner at the right time. To think that one little word can often be the making of a great trick!

Let us examine examples of patter being applied during performance as a means of trickery. You will remember in Step Six on Billets we discussed in detail the Centre Tear Routine. We went through several stages and arrived at the most difficult part of the trick, we had to steal one piece of paper from several others held in view. This was achieved by using correct patter at the very right moment. A few natural words (" Have you got a match please?") took the attention from your hands to your face, and the trick was done. Another example, the crucial point in the Al Baker billet switch is reached, a few simple words, but right words ("Did you write it in English?") are spoken, and the trick is done. The Punx-Mier variation of the centre tear is a classic example of applied patter and serves as another example (See Step
Six).

Now we begin to appreciate that it's not just " Words, words, words... There is reason and cause behind all this. So how do we begin to get the right patter for the mental act?
Start by writing your own script; fit the effects into the pattern we call a routine, and then write down everything you think you should say from beginning to end. In the beginning, overload your script, write too much. because you can always cut down by editing, which comes later. Allow for a straightforward introduction to each trick and for what you have to say during the performance of the effect. Finish by scripting your comments that go at the end of your trick. Completeness is essential. At this stage the script is in its crude state. It is simply a record of everything you might say. Now comes the editing. First find out if the present script is reasonably long enough for the running time of your tricks. The easiest way to do this is to run through a few mock performances. The use of a tape recorder in these trial and error stages can be a considerable help.

Having got enough on paper to last you during performance, now work to improve what you have already said. Start with the words that matter most and see if you can find a stronger word for any point where patter is part of the trick itself. Find the right word for that point, the word which suits the actions you make, the trick you do and the manner you do it in. Then go back over the rest of your material and see what can be done to improve it. Look for words that are ambiguous or unsuitable and change them to some- thing which makes the trick clear, simple to understand in effect and enter- taining to watch and listen to.